android.support.annotation.Keep
android.support.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope: android.support.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope[] values()
android.support.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope: android.support.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_in
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_out
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_fab_in
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_fab_out
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_snackbar_in
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_snackbar_out
android.support.design.R$animator: int design_appbar_state_list_animator
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarSize
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionViewClass
android.support.design.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.design.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int allowStacking
android.support.design.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.design.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
android.support.design.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
android.support.design.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int background
android.support.design.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
android.support.design.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
android.support.design.R$attr: int backgroundTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int barLength
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_autoHide
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_hideable
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_overlapTop
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_peekHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_skipCollapsed
android.support.design.R$attr: int borderWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int bottomSheetDialogTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int bottomSheetStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int closeIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
android.support.design.R$attr: int collapseIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int collapsedTitleGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int collapsedTitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int color
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorAccent
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorPrimary
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.design.R$attr: int commitIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentScrim
android.support.design.R$attr: int controlBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int counterEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int counterMaxLength
android.support.design.R$attr: int counterOverflowTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int counterTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
android.support.design.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int dialogTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int displayOptions
android.support.design.R$attr: int divider
android.support.design.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
android.support.design.R$attr: int dividerPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int dividerVertical
android.support.design.R$attr: int drawableSize
android.support.design.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int editTextBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int editTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int editTextStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int elevation
android.support.design.R$attr: int errorEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int errorTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int expanded
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMargin
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginBottom
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginTop
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int fabSize
android.support.design.R$attr: int foregroundInsidePadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
android.support.design.R$attr: int goIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int headerLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int height
android.support.design.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
android.support.design.R$attr: int hintAnimationEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int hintEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int hintTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.design.R$attr: int homeLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int icon
android.support.design.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
android.support.design.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
android.support.design.R$attr: int insetForeground
android.support.design.R$attr: int isLightTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemIconTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int keylines
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout
android.support.design.R$attr: int layoutManager
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_anchor
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_behavior
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_collapseMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_keyline
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_scrollFlags
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_scrollInterpolator
android.support.design.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.design.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.design.R$attr: int listItemLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int listLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.design.R$attr: int logo
android.support.design.R$attr: int logoDescription
android.support.design.R$attr: int maxActionInlineWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
android.support.design.R$attr: int menu
android.support.design.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
android.support.design.R$attr: int navigationIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int navigationMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
android.support.design.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
android.support.design.R$attr: int paddingEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int paddingStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
android.support.design.R$attr: int panelBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleContentDescription
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int popupTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
android.support.design.R$attr: int pressedTranslationZ
android.support.design.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int queryBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int queryHint
android.support.design.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.design.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.design.R$attr: int reverseLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int rippleColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int scrimAnimationDuration
android.support.design.R$attr: int scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
android.support.design.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int searchIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.design.R$attr: int showAsAction
android.support.design.R$attr: int showDividers
android.support.design.R$attr: int showText
android.support.design.R$attr: int showTitle
android.support.design.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int spanCount
android.support.design.R$attr: int spinBars
android.support.design.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int splitTrack
android.support.design.R$attr: int srcCompat
android.support.design.R$attr: int stackFromEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
android.support.design.R$attr: int state_collapsed
android.support.design.R$attr: int state_collapsible
android.support.design.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int statusBarScrim
android.support.design.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
android.support.design.R$attr: int submitBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int subtitle
android.support.design.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int switchPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int switchStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabContentStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabIndicatorColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabIndicatorHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabMaxWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabMinWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPaddingBottom
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPaddingEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPaddingStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPaddingTop
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabSelectedTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAllCaps
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.design.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.design.R$attr: int textColorError
android.support.design.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
android.support.design.R$attr: int theme
android.support.design.R$attr: int thickness
android.support.design.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int thumbTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int tickMark
android.support.design.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int title
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMargin
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMargins
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int toolbarId
android.support.design.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int track
android.support.design.R$attr: int trackTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int trackTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int useCompatPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int voiceIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowActionBar
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_default
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_thumb
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
android.support.design.R$color: int accent_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int accent_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int background_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int background_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int button_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int button_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_error
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_end_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_mid_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_start_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_snackbar_background_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_light
android.support.design.R$color: int design_tint_password_toggle
android.support.design.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int foreground_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
android.support.design.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
android.support.design.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
android.support.design.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
android.support.design.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_100
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_300
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_50
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_600
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_800
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_850
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_900
android.support.design.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.design.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.design.R$color: int notification_material_background_media_default_color
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_appbar_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_margin
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_border_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_image_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_mini
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_normal
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_translation_z_pressed
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_padding
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_padding_bottom
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_background_corner_radius
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_min_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_horizontal
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_tab_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_tab_scrollable_min_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size_2line
android.support.design.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
android.support.design.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame
android.support.design.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity
android.support.design.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password_1
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password_2
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password_3
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_show_password
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_show_password_1
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_show_password_2
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_show_password_3
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_bottom_navigation_item_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_fab_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility_off
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_password_eye
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_snackbar_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int navigation_empty_icon
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.design.R$id: int action0
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_container
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_root
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_title
android.support.design.R$id: int action_container
android.support.design.R$id: int action_context_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.design.R$id: int action_image
android.support.design.R$id: int action_menu_divider
android.support.design.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
android.support.design.R$id: int action_mode_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
android.support.design.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
android.support.design.R$id: int action_text
android.support.design.R$id: int actions
android.support.design.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
android.support.design.R$id: int add
android.support.design.R$id: int alertTitle
android.support.design.R$id: int all
android.support.design.R$id: int always
android.support.design.R$id: int auto
android.support.design.R$id: int beginning
android.support.design.R$id: int bottom
android.support.design.R$id: int buttonPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int cancel_action
android.support.design.R$id: int center
android.support.design.R$id: int center_horizontal
android.support.design.R$id: int center_vertical
android.support.design.R$id: int checkbox
android.support.design.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.design.R$id: int clip_horizontal
android.support.design.R$id: int clip_vertical
android.support.design.R$id: int collapseActionView
android.support.design.R$id: int contentPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int custom
android.support.design.R$id: int customPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int decor_content_parent
android.support.design.R$id: int default_activity_button
android.support.design.R$id: int design_bottom_sheet
android.support.design.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area
android.support.design.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area_stub
android.support.design.R$id: int design_menu_item_text
android.support.design.R$id: int design_navigation_view
android.support.design.R$id: int disableHome
android.support.design.R$id: int edit_query
android.support.design.R$id: int end
android.support.design.R$id: int end_padder
android.support.design.R$id: int enterAlways
android.support.design.R$id: int enterAlwaysCollapsed
android.support.design.R$id: int exitUntilCollapsed
android.support.design.R$id: int expand_activities_button
android.support.design.R$id: int expanded_menu
android.support.design.R$id: int fill
android.support.design.R$id: int fill_horizontal
android.support.design.R$id: int fill_vertical
android.support.design.R$id: int fixed
android.support.design.R$id: int home
android.support.design.R$id: int homeAsUp
android.support.design.R$id: int icon
android.support.design.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.design.R$id: int ifRoom
android.support.design.R$id: int image
android.support.design.R$id: int info
android.support.design.R$id: int item_touch_helper_previous_elevation
android.support.design.R$id: int largeLabel
android.support.design.R$id: int left
android.support.design.R$id: int line1
android.support.design.R$id: int line3
android.support.design.R$id: int listMode
android.support.design.R$id: int list_item
android.support.design.R$id: int masked
android.support.design.R$id: int media_actions
android.support.design.R$id: int middle
android.support.design.R$id: int mini
android.support.design.R$id: int multiply
android.support.design.R$id: int navigation_header_container
android.support.design.R$id: int never
android.support.design.R$id: int none
android.support.design.R$id: int normal
android.support.design.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.design.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.design.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.design.R$id: int parallax
android.support.design.R$id: int parentPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int pin
android.support.design.R$id: int progress_circular
android.support.design.R$id: int progress_horizontal
android.support.design.R$id: int radio
android.support.design.R$id: int right
android.support.design.R$id: int right_icon
android.support.design.R$id: int right_side
android.support.design.R$id: int screen
android.support.design.R$id: int scroll
android.support.design.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
android.support.design.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
android.support.design.R$id: int scrollView
android.support.design.R$id: int scrollable
android.support.design.R$id: int search_badge
android.support.design.R$id: int search_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int search_button
android.support.design.R$id: int search_close_btn
android.support.design.R$id: int search_edit_frame
android.support.design.R$id: int search_go_btn
android.support.design.R$id: int search_mag_icon
android.support.design.R$id: int search_plate
android.support.design.R$id: int search_src_text
android.support.design.R$id: int search_voice_btn
android.support.design.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
android.support.design.R$id: int shortcut
android.support.design.R$id: int showCustom
android.support.design.R$id: int showHome
android.support.design.R$id: int showTitle
android.support.design.R$id: int smallLabel
android.support.design.R$id: int snackbar_action
android.support.design.R$id: int snackbar_text
android.support.design.R$id: int snap
android.support.design.R$id: int spacer
android.support.design.R$id: int split_action_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int src_atop
android.support.design.R$id: int src_in
android.support.design.R$id: int src_over
android.support.design.R$id: int start
android.support.design.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
android.support.design.R$id: int submenuarrow
android.support.design.R$id: int submit_area
android.support.design.R$id: int tabMode
android.support.design.R$id: int text
android.support.design.R$id: int text2
android.support.design.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
android.support.design.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
android.support.design.R$id: int text_input_password_toggle
android.support.design.R$id: int textinput_counter
android.support.design.R$id: int textinput_error
android.support.design.R$id: int time
android.support.design.R$id: int title
android.support.design.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
android.support.design.R$id: int title_template
android.support.design.R$id: int top
android.support.design.R$id: int topPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int touch_outside
android.support.design.R$id: int transition_current_scene
android.support.design.R$id: int transition_scene_layoutid_cache
android.support.design.R$id: int up
android.support.design.R$id: int useLogo
android.support.design.R$id: int view_offset_helper
android.support.design.R$id: int visible
android.support.design.R$id: int withText
android.support.design.R$id: int wrap_content
android.support.design.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
android.support.design.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
android.support.design.R$integer: int app_bar_elevation_anim_duration
android.support.design.R$integer: int bottom_sheet_slide_duration
android.support.design.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
android.support.design.R$integer: int design_snackbar_text_max_lines
android.support.design.R$integer: int hide_password_duration
android.support.design.R$integer: int show_password_duration
android.support.design.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_search_view
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_bottom_navigation_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_bottom_sheet_dialog
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar_include
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_icon
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_text
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_menu_item_action_area
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_header
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_separator
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_subheader
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_text_input_password_icon
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_media_action
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_custom
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_lines_media
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_media
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_media_custom
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.design.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_capital_off
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_capital_on
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_search_hint
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
android.support.design.R$string: int appbar_scrolling_view_behavior
android.support.design.R$string: int bottom_sheet_behavior
android.support.design.R$string: int character_counter_pattern
android.support.design.R$string: int password_toggle_content_description
android.support.design.R$string: int path_password_eye
android.support.design.R$string: int path_password_eye_mask_strike_through
android.support.design.R$string: int path_password_eye_mask_visible
android.support.design.R$string: int path_password_strike_through
android.support.design.R$string: int search_menu_title
android.support.design.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.design.R$style: int Animation_Design_BottomSheetDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V11_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_TabLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_CollapsingToolbar_Expanded
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Error
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Hint
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Snackbar_Message
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Tab
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_BottomSheetDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_BottomSheetDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionText
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomNavigationView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomSheet_Modal
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_CollapsingToolbar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_CoordinatorLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_FloatingActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_NavigationView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_Snackbar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_TabLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_TextInputLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayoutStates
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsed
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsible
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollFlags
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollInterpolator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_android_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_expanded
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] BottomNavigationView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemIconTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_menu
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] BottomSheetBehavior_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_hideable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_peekHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_skipCollapsed
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_contentScrim
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMargin
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginBottom
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimAnimationDuration
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_statusBarScrim
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_title
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_titleEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_toolbarId
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] DesignTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetDialogTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_textColorError
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout_behavior_autoHide
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_borderWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fabSize
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_pressedTranslationZ
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_rippleColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_useCompatPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ForegroundLinearLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foreground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foregroundGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_foregroundInsidePadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] NavigationView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_fitsSystemWindows
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_maxWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_headerLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemIconTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_menu
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
android.support.design.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] RecyclerView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_descendantFocusability
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_orientation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_layoutManager
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_reverseLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_spanCount
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_stackFromEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ScrimInsetsFrameLayout_insetForeground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout_behavior_overlapTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] SnackbarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_android_maxWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_maxActionInlineWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] TabItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_icon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_text
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] TabLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabContentStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMaxWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMinWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingBottom
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabSelectedTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] TextInputLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_hint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_textColorHint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterMaxLength
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterOverflowTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintAnimationEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleContentDescription
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] View
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_theme
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout: int getBaseline()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setItemPosition(int)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: int getItemPosition()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setShiftingMode(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setItemBackground(int)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIconTintList()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: void setItemTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemTextColor()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: void setItemBackgroundRes(int)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: int getItemBackgroundRes()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: void setPresenter(android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationPresenter)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView getNewItem()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: int getSelectedItemId()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationPresenter$SavedState
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationPresenter$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: ForegroundLinearLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: ForegroundLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: ForegroundLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: int getForegroundGravity()
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForegroundGravity(int)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getForeground()
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setActionView(android.view.View)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setNeedsEmptyIcon(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuPresenter$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
android.support.design.internal.ParcelableSparseArray
android.support.design.internal.ParcelableSparseArray: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.internal.SnackbarContentLayout
android.support.design.internal.SnackbarContentLayout: SnackbarContentLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.SnackbarContentLayout: SnackbarContentLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.TextView getMessageView()
android.support.design.internal.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.Button getActionView()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: void setOrientation(int)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: void setExpanded(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getTotalScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getUpNestedPreScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getDownNestedPreScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getDownNestedScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getMinimumHeightForVisibleOverlappingContent()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: void setTargetElevation(float)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: float getTargetElevation()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getPendingAction()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getTopInset()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$SavedState
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnLayoutChangeListener(android.support.design.widget.BaseTransientBottomBar$OnLayoutChangeListener)
android.support.design.widget.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnAttachStateChangeListener(android.support.design.widget.BaseTransientBottomBar$OnAttachStateChangeListener)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setOnNavigationItemSelectedListener(android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView$OnNavigationItemSelectedListener)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setOnNavigationItemReselectedListener(android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView$OnNavigationItemReselectedListener)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: int getMaxItemCount()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemIconTintList()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setItemIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemTextColor()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setItemTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: int getItemBackgroundResource()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setItemBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: int getSelectedItemId()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setSelectedItemId(int)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView$SavedState
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetDialog$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setTitleEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimsShown(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimAlpha(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getScrimAlpha()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setContentScrim(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setContentScrimColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setContentScrimResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getContentScrim()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setStatusBarScrim(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setStatusBarScrimColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setStatusBarScrimResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarScrim()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTextColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleGravity(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getCollapsedTitleGravity()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleGravity(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleGravity()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getCollapsedTitleTypeface()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getExpandedTitleTypeface()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginStart()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginStart(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginTop()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginTop(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginEnd()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginEnd(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginBottom()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginBottom(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimVisibleHeightTrigger(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getScrimVisibleHeightTrigger()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimAnimationDuration(long)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: long getScrimAnimationDuration()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackground()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat getLastWindowInsets()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumWidth()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumHeight()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setFitsSystemWindows(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: java.util.List getDependencySortedChildren()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior: CoordinatorLayout$Behavior()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior: CoordinatorLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: int getRippleColor()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setRippleColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setImageResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: boolean getUseCompatPadding()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setSize(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: int getSize()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: int getSizeDimension()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getContentBackground()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: float getCompatElevation()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatElevation(float)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl getImpl()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$Behavior
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior: HeaderBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior: HeaderBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior: HeaderScrollingViewBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior: HeaderScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setNavigationItemSelectedListener(android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$OnNavigationItemSelectedListener)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: int getHeaderCount()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemIconTintList()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemTextColor()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getItemBackground()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setCheckedItem(int)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$SavedState
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: Snackbar$SnackbarLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: Snackbar$SnackbarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior
android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior: SwipeDismissBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicatorHeight(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: float getScrollPosition()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setOnTabSelectedListener(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$OnTabSelectedListener)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabCount()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getSelectedTabPosition()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setTabMode(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabMode()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setTabGravity(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabGravity()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setTabTextColors(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getTabTextColors()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setupWithViewPager(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setTabsFromPagerAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setScrollAnimatorListener(android.support.design.widget.ValueAnimatorCompat$AnimatorListener)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabView(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getDefaultHeight()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabMinWidth()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabMaxWidth()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getTypeface()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setEditText(android.widget.EditText)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: android.widget.EditText getEditText()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHintInternal(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHintEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHintTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setErrorEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setErrorTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setError(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setCounterEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setCounterMaxLength(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: int getCounterMaxLength()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getError()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHintAnimationEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$4: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$SavedState
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.ViewOffsetBehavior: ViewOffsetBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.ViewOffsetBehavior: ViewOffsetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton: int getUserSetVisibility()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getStrokeColor()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeColor(int)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeWidth()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeWidth(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeAlpha()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeAlpha(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getFillColor()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillColor(int)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getFillAlpha()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillAlpha(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathStart()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathStart(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathEnd()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathEnd(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathOffset()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathOffset(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: java.lang.String getGroupName()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: android.graphics.Matrix getLocalMatrix()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getRotation()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setRotation(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotX()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotX(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotY()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotY(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleX()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleX(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleY()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleY(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateX()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateX(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateY()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateY(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: java.lang.String getPathName()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode[] getPathData()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: void setPathData(android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode[])
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setRootAlpha(int)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: int getRootAlpha()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setAlpha(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: float getAlpha()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableCompatState: int getChangingConfigurations()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableDelegateState: int getChangingConfigurations()
android.support.transition.R$id: int transition_current_scene
android.support.transition.R$id: int transition_scene_layoutid_cache
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityGingerbread: BaseFragmentActivityGingerbread()
android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityHoneycomb: BaseFragmentActivityHoneycomb()
android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityJB: BaseFragmentActivityJB()
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity
android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity: FragmentActivity()
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: FragmentTabHost(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: FragmentTabHost(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: void setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompatSideChannelService
android.support.v4.app.SupportActivity
android.support.v4.app.SupportActivity: SupportActivity()
android.support.v4.content.FileProvider
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemReceiver
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SearchResultReceiver
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserServiceCompat
android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat
android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat
android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat
android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaButtonReceiver
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi21$ExtraBinderRequestResultReceiver
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo
android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver
android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.view.AbsSavedState
android.support.v4.view.AbsSavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.view.AbsSavedState$1
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getTabIndicatorColor()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: boolean getDrawFullUnderline()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip$2: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getTextSpacing()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getClientWidth()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerElevation(float)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: float getDrawerElevation()
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setScrimColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerLockMode(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackgroundDrawable()
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: float getTopFadingEdgeStrength()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: float getBottomFadingEdgeStrength()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: int getMaxScrollAmount()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setOnScrollChangeListener(android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$OnScrollChangeListener)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setFillViewport(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setSmoothScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: float getVerticalScrollFactorCompat()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: int getScrollRange()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setParallaxDistance(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getParallaxDistance()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setSliderFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getSliderFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setCoveredFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getCoveredFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setPanelSlideListener(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawableLeft(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawableRight(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResource(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResourceLeft(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResourceRight(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.Space
android.support.v4.widget.Space: Space(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v4.widget.Space: Space(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.widget.Space: Space(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorViewAlpha(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getProgressViewStartOffset()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getProgressViewEndOffset()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setSize(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: SwipeRefreshLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: SwipeRefreshLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setOnRefreshListener(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setRefreshing(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setAnimationProgress(float)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeResource(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorScheme(int[])
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorSchemeResources(int[])
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorSchemeColors(int[])
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setDistanceToTriggerSync(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getProgressCircleDiameter()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setOnChildScrollUpCallback(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnChildScrollUpCallback)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity
android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.app.AlertController$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.app.AlertController$RecycleListView
android.support.v7.app.AlertController$RecycleListView: AlertController$RecycleListView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.app.AlertController$RecycleListView: AlertController$RecycleListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity
android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity: AppCompatActivity()
android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV9$PanelFeatureState$SavedState
android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV9$PanelFeatureState$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.app.AppCompatViewInflater$DeclaredOnClickListener: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionViewClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int allowStacking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int barLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonGravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int closeIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int collapseIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorAccent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorPrimary
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int commitIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int controlBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int displayOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerVertical
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int drawableSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int elevation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int goIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int homeLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int isLightTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int itemPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int logoDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int queryBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int queryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showAsAction
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showDividers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int splitTrack
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int srcCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int submitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int theme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thickness
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMargin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int trackTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int trackTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int voiceIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_default
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int accent_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int accent_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int button_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int button_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_100
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_300
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_50
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_600
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_800
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_850
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_900
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_material_background_media_default_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action0
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_root
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_context_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_menu_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int add
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int alertTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int always
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int beginning
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int buttonPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int cancel_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int checkbox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int collapseActionView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int contentPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int customPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int decor_content_parent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int default_activity_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int disableHome
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int edit_query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int end
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int end_padder
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int expand_activities_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int expanded_menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int home
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int homeAsUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int ifRoom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int line1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int line3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int listMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int list_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int media_actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int middle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int multiply
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int never
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int none
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int parentPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int progress_circular
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int progress_horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int radio
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int right_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int right_side
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int screen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_badge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_close_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_edit_frame
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_go_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_mag_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_plate
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_src_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_voice_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int shortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showCustom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showHome
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int spacer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int split_action_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_atop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_in
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_over
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int submenuarrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int submit_area
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int tabMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int text2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int title_template
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int topPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int up
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int useLogo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int withText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int wrap_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_search_view
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_media_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_lines_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_media_custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_capital_off
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_capital_on
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_search_hint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int search_menu_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] View
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_theme
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr: int layoutManager
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr: int reverseLayout
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr: int spanCount
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr: int stackFromEnd
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$id: int item_touch_helper_previous_elevation
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int[] RecyclerView
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_descendantFocusability
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_orientation
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_layoutManager
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_reverseLayout
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_spanCount
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_stackFromEnd
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setItemInvoker(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setPopupCallback(android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setExpandedFormat(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView
android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: ExpandedMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: ExpandedMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: ListMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: ListMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setForceShowIcon(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setSubMenuArrowVisible(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: android.view.LayoutInflater getInflater()
android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuDialogHelper: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: AbsActionBarView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: AbsActionBarView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: AbsActionBarView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setContentHeight(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getContentHeight()
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: ActionBarContainer(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: ActionBarContainer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setPrimaryBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setStackedBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setSplitBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTransitioning(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTabContainer(android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: android.view.View getTabContainer()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setContentHeight(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setCustomView(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitleOptional(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getContentHeight()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: ActionBarOverlayLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: ActionBarOverlayLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarVisibilityCallback(android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setOverlayMode(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHasNonEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setShowingForActionMode(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getActionBarHideOffset()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarHideOffset(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setUiOptions(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setLogo(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: ActionMenuView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: ActionMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPopupTheme(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: int getPopupTheme()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPresenter(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowReserved(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setActivityChooserModel(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setExpandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setExpandActivityOverflowButtonContentDescription(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel getDataModel()
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setOnDismissListener(android.widget.PopupWindow$OnDismissListener)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setInitialActivityCount(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setDefaultActionButtonContentDescription(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow getListPopupWindow()
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$Callbacks: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout: ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AlertDialogLayout
android.support.v7.widget.AlertDialogLayout: AlertDialogLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AlertDialogLayout: AlertDialogLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportAllCaps(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCheckMarkDrawable(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: AppCompatImageButton(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: AppCompatImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: AppCompatImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPopupBackground()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownVerticalOffset()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownHorizontalOffset()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownWidth(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: java.lang.CharSequence getPrompt()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: AppCompatTextView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: AppCompatTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: AppCompatTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout
android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout: ButtonBarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setAllowStacking(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setStacked(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: void setAttachListener(android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout$OnAttachListener)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMajor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMinor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMajor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMinor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMajor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMinor()
android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle
android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.DropDownListView: void setListSelectionHidden(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: FitWindowsFrameLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: FitWindowsFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: FitWindowsLinearLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: FitWindowsLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,int)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setShowDividers(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getShowDividers()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDividerDrawable()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerPadding(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerPadding()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAligned(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaseline()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaselineAlignedChildIndex()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAlignedChildIndex(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getVirtualChildCount()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: float getWeightSum()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setWeightSum(float)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setOrientation(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getOrientation()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getGravity()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setHorizontalGravity(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setVerticalGravity(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context,int,boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.ListViewCompat: void setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ListViewCompat: void setSelectorEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setHoverListener(android.support.v7.widget.MenuItemHoverListener)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate getCompatAccessibilityDelegate()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setAccessibilityDelegateCompat(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setHasFixedSize(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setClipToPadding(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getClipToPadding()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollingTouchSlop(int)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setAdapter(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter getAdapter()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecyclerListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: int getBaseline()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutManager(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnFlingListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener getOnFlingListener()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager getLayoutManager()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool getRecycledViewPool()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecycledViewPool(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setViewCacheExtension(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemViewCacheSize(int)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: int getScrollState()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setChildDrawingOrderCallback(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ChildDrawingOrderCallback)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnScrollListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutFrozen(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: int getMinFlingVelocity()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: int getMaxFlingVelocity()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: float getScrollFactor()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemAnimator(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator getItemAnimator()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getPreserveFocusAfterLayout()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setPreserveFocusAfterLayout(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: long getNanoTime()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingChildHelper getScrollingChildHelper()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager: RecyclerView$LayoutManager()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setAllowCollapse(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setTabSelected(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setContentHeight(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView$TabClickListener: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionRowLayout()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionCommitIconResId()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setSearchableInfo(android.app.SearchableInfo)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setAppSearchData(android.os.Bundle)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setImeOptions(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getImeOptions()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setInputType(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getInputType()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnCloseListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnSuggestionListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnSearchClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQuery()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setQueryHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQueryHint()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setIconifiedByDefault(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setIconified(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setSubmitButtonEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setQueryRefinementEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setSuggestionsAdapter(android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter getSuggestionsAdapter()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setMaxWidth(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getMaxWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredHeight()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setImeVisibility(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$7: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SavedState
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setSearchView(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setThreshold(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: int getSearchViewTextMinWidthDp()
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager: StaggeredGridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager: StaggeredGridLayoutManager(int,int)
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.SuggestionsAdapter: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setSwitchTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setSwitchPadding(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getSwitchPadding()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setSwitchMinWidth(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getSwitchMinWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbTextPadding(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getThumbTextPadding()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTrackDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTrackResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getTrackDrawable()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTrackTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.content.res.ColorStateList getTrackTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTrackTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getTrackTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getThumbDrawable()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.content.res.ColorStateList getThumbTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getThumbTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setSplitTrack(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: boolean getSplitTrack()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: java.lang.CharSequence getTextOn()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTextOn(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: java.lang.CharSequence getTextOff()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTextOff(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setShowText(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: boolean getShowText()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: boolean getTargetCheckedState()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbPosition(float)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getCompoundPaddingRight()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getThumbOffset()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getThumbScrollRange()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setPopupTheme(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getPopupTheme()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginStart()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginStart(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginTop()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginTop(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginEnd()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginEnd(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginBottom()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginBottom(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getLogo()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getLogoDescription()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getNavigationContentDescription()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getNavigationIcon()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.view.Menu getMenu()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStart()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEnd()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetRight()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStartWithNavigation()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetStartWithNavigation(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEndWithActions()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetEndWithActions(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetStart()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetEnd()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetRight()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.support.v7.widget.DecorToolbar getWrapper()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapsible(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$3: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.ToolbarWidgetWrapper$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: ViewStubCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: ViewStubCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getInflatedId()
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setInflatedId(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getLayoutResource()
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: android.view.LayoutInflater getLayoutInflater()
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setOnInflateListener(android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener)
android.support.v8.renderscript.Allocation$MipmapControl: android.support.v8.renderscript.Allocation$MipmapControl[] values()
android.support.v8.renderscript.Allocation$MipmapControl: android.support.v8.renderscript.Allocation$MipmapControl valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v8.renderscript.Element$DataKind: android.support.v8.renderscript.Element$DataKind[] values()
android.support.v8.renderscript.Element$DataKind: android.support.v8.renderscript.Element$DataKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v8.renderscript.Element$DataType: android.support.v8.renderscript.Element$DataType[] values()
android.support.v8.renderscript.Element$DataType: android.support.v8.renderscript.Element$DataType valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: boolean nLoadSO(boolean,int,java.lang.String)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: boolean nLoadIOSO()
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long nDeviceCreate()
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void nDeviceDestroy(long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void nDeviceSetConfig(long,int,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: int nContextGetUserMessage(long,int[])
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: java.lang.String nContextGetErrorMessage(long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: int nContextPeekMessage(long,int[])
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void nContextInitToClient(long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void nContextDeinitToClient(long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: int rsnSystemGetPointerSize()
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnContextCreate(long,int,int,int,java.lang.String)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnContextDestroy(long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnContextSetPriority(long,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnContextDump(long,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnContextFinish(long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnContextSendMessage(long,int,int[])
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnObjDestroy(long,long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnElementCreate(long,long,int,boolean,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnElementCreate2(long,long[],java.lang.String[],int[])
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnElementGetNativeData(long,long,int[])
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnElementGetSubElements(long,long,long[],java.lang.String[],int[])
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnTypeCreate(long,long,int,int,int,boolean,boolean,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnTypeGetNativeData(long,long,long[])
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnAllocationCreateTyped(long,long,int,int,long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnAllocationCreateFromBitmap(long,long,int,android.graphics.Bitmap,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnAllocationCreateBitmapBackedAllocation(long,long,int,android.graphics.Bitmap,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnAllocationCubeCreateFromBitmap(long,long,int,android.graphics.Bitmap,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnAllocationCreateBitmapRef(long,long,android.graphics.Bitmap)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnAllocationCreateFromAssetStream(long,int,int,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationCopyToBitmap(long,long,android.graphics.Bitmap)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationSyncAll(long,long,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationSetSurface(long,long,android.view.Surface)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationIoSend(long,long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationIoReceive(long,long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: java.nio.ByteBuffer rsnAllocationGetByteBuffer(long,long,int,int,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnAllocationGetStride(long,long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationGenerateMipmaps(long,long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationCopyFromBitmap(long,long,android.graphics.Bitmap)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationData1D(long,long,int,int,int,java.lang.Object,int,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationElementData1D(long,long,int,int,int,byte[],int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationData2D(long,long,int,int,int,int,int,int,long,int,int,int,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationData2D(long,long,int,int,int,int,int,int,java.lang.Object,int,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationData2D(long,long,int,int,int,int,android.graphics.Bitmap)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationData3D(long,long,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,long,int,int,int,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationData3D(long,long,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,java.lang.Object,int,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationRead(long,long,java.lang.Object,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationRead1D(long,long,int,int,int,java.lang.Object,int,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationRead2D(long,long,int,int,int,int,int,int,java.lang.Object,int,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnAllocationGetType(long,long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationResize1D(long,long,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnAllocationResize2D(long,long,int,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptBindAllocation(long,long,long,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptSetTimeZone(long,long,byte[],boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptInvoke(long,long,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptForEach(long,long,long,int,long,long,byte[],boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptForEach(long,long,long,int,long,long,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptForEachClipped(long,long,long,int,long,long,byte[],int,int,int,int,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptForEachClipped(long,long,long,int,long,long,int,int,int,int,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptForEach(long,long,int,long[],long,byte[],int[])
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptReduce(long,long,int,long[],long,int[])
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptInvokeV(long,long,int,byte[],boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptSetVarI(long,long,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptSetVarJ(long,long,int,long,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptSetVarF(long,long,int,float,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptSetVarD(long,long,int,double,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptSetVarV(long,long,int,byte[],boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptSetVarVE(long,long,int,byte[],long,int[],boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptSetVarObj(long,long,int,long,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnScriptCCreate(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnScriptIntrinsicCreate(long,int,long,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnScriptKernelIDCreate(long,long,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnScriptInvokeIDCreate(long,long,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnScriptFieldIDCreate(long,long,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnScriptGroupCreate(long,long[],long[],long[],long[],long[])
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptGroupSetInput(long,long,long,long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptGroupSetOutput(long,long,long,long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptGroupExecute(long,long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnSamplerCreate(long,int,int,int,int,int,float)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnClosureCreate(long,long,long,long[],long[],int[],long[],long[])
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnInvokeClosureCreate(long,long,byte[],long[],long[],int[])
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnClosureSetArg(long,long,int,long,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnClosureSetGlobal(long,long,long,long,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnScriptGroup2Create(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long[])
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptGroup2Execute(long,long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptIntrinsicBLAS_Single(long,long,long,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,float,long,long,float,long,int,int,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptIntrinsicBLAS_Double(long,long,long,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,double,long,long,double,long,int,int,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptIntrinsicBLAS_Complex(long,long,long,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,float,float,long,long,float,float,long,int,int,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptIntrinsicBLAS_Z(long,long,long,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,double,double,long,long,double,double,long,int,int,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnScriptIntrinsicBLAS_BNNM(long,long,long,int,int,int,long,int,long,int,long,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: boolean nIncLoadSO(int,java.lang.String)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long nIncDeviceCreate()
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void nIncDeviceDestroy(long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnIncContextCreate(long,int,int,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnIncContextDestroy(long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnIncContextFinish(long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: void rsnIncObjDestroy(long,long)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnIncElementCreate(long,long,int,boolean,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnIncTypeCreate(long,long,int,int,int,boolean,boolean,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript: long rsnIncAllocationCreateTyped(long,long,long,long,int)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript$ContextType: android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript$ContextType[] values()
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript$ContextType: android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript$ContextType valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript$Priority: android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript$Priority[] values()
android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript$Priority: android.support.v8.renderscript.RenderScript$Priority valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v8.renderscript.Sampler$Value: android.support.v8.renderscript.Sampler$Value[] values()
android.support.v8.renderscript.Sampler$Value: android.support.v8.renderscript.Sampler$Value valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v8.renderscript.Type$CubemapFace: android.support.v8.renderscript.Type$CubemapFace[] values()
android.support.v8.renderscript.Type$CubemapFace: android.support.v8.renderscript.Type$CubemapFace valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.alipay.sdk.app.EnvUtils$EnvEnum: com.alipay.sdk.app.EnvUtils$EnvEnum[] values()
com.alipay.sdk.app.EnvUtils$EnvEnum: com.alipay.sdk.app.EnvUtils$EnvEnum valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.alipay.sdk.app.H5AuthActivity
com.alipay.sdk.app.H5PayActivity
com.alipay.sdk.app.H5PayActivity: H5PayActivity()
com.alipay.sdk.app.d: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.alipay.sdk.app.e: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.alipay.sdk.app.i: com.alipay.sdk.app.i[] values()
com.alipay.sdk.app.i: com.alipay.sdk.app.i valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.alipay.sdk.auth.AuthActivity
com.alipay.sdk.auth.AuthActivity: AuthActivity()
com.alipay.sdk.auth.f: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.alipay.sdk.auth.g: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.alipay.sdk.protocol.a: com.alipay.sdk.protocol.a[] values()
com.alipay.sdk.protocol.a: com.alipay.sdk.protocol.a valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.alipay.sdk.util.d: com.alipay.sdk.util.d[] values()
com.alipay.sdk.util.d: com.alipay.sdk.util.d valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.bumptech.glide.MemoryCategory: com.bumptech.glide.MemoryCategory[] values()
com.bumptech.glide.MemoryCategory: com.bumptech.glide.MemoryCategory valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.bumptech.glide.Priority: com.bumptech.glide.Priority[] values()
com.bumptech.glide.Priority: com.bumptech.glide.Priority valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.bumptech.glide.load.DecodeFormat: com.bumptech.glide.load.DecodeFormat[] values()
com.bumptech.glide.load.DecodeFormat: com.bumptech.glide.load.DecodeFormat valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.DiskCacheStrategy: com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.DiskCacheStrategy[] values()
com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.DiskCacheStrategy: com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.DiskCacheStrategy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.EngineRunnable$Stage: com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.EngineRunnable$Stage[] values()
com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.EngineRunnable$Stage: com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.EngineRunnable$Stage valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.executor.FifoPriorityThreadPoolExecutor$UncaughtThrowableStrategy: com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.executor.FifoPriorityThreadPoolExecutor$UncaughtThrowableStrategy[] values()
com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.executor.FifoPriorityThreadPoolExecutor$UncaughtThrowableStrategy: com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.executor.FifoPriorityThreadPoolExecutor$UncaughtThrowableStrategy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType[] values()
com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType: com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap.ImageHeaderParser$ImageType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.bumptech.glide.request.GenericRequest$Status: com.bumptech.glide.request.GenericRequest$Status[] values()
com.bumptech.glide.request.GenericRequest$Status: com.bumptech.glide.request.GenericRequest$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator: PagerIndicator(android.content.Context)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator: PagerIndicator(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator: void setDefaultIndicatorShape(com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$Shape)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator: void setIndicatorVisibility(com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$IndicatorVisibility)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator: void setViewPager(com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator: int getShouldDrawCount()
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator: void setItemAsSelected(int)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator: com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$IndicatorVisibility getIndicatorVisibility()
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator: int getSelectedIndicatorResId()
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator: int getUnSelectedIndicatorResId()
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$IndicatorVisibility: com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$IndicatorVisibility[] values()
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$IndicatorVisibility: com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$IndicatorVisibility valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$Shape: com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$Shape[] values()
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$Shape: com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$Shape valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$Unit: com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$Unit[] values()
com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$Unit: com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$Unit valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int PagerIndicatorStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int SliderStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionBarSize
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int actionViewClass
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int auto_cycle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int background
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int backgroundTint
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int buttonStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int closeIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int collapseIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int color
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int colorAccent
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int colorPrimary
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int commitIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int dialogTheme
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int displayOptions
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int divider
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int dividerPadding
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int dividerVertical
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int drawableSize
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int editTextBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int editTextColor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int editTextStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int elevation
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int goIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int height
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int homeLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int icon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int indicator_visibility
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int isLightTheme
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int itemPadding
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int listItemLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int listLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int logo
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int navigationIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int navigationMode
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int paddingEnd
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int paddingStart
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int padding_bottom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int padding_left
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int padding_right
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int padding_top
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int pager_animation
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int pager_animation_span
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int panelBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int popupTheme
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int queryBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int queryHint
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int searchIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int selected_color
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int selected_drawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int selected_height
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int selected_padding_bottom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int selected_padding_left
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int selected_padding_right
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int selected_padding_top
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int selected_width
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int shape
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int showAsAction
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int showDividers
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int showText
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int spinBars
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int splitTrack
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int submitBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int subtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int switchPadding
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int switchStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int textAllCaps
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int theme
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int thickness
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int titleMargins
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int track
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int unselected_color
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int unselected_drawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int unselected_height
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int unselected_padding_bottom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int unselected_padding_left
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int unselected_padding_right
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int unselected_padding_top
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int unselected_width
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int visibility
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int voiceIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int windowActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int accent_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int accent_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int background_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int background_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int button_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int button_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int primary_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int primary_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int ripple_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$drawable: int indicator_corner_bg
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int Accordion
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int Background2Foreground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int CubeIn
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int Default
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int DepthPage
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int Fade
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int FlipHorizontal
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int FlipPage
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int Foreground2Background
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int RotateDown
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int RotateUp
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int Stack
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int Tablet
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int ZoomIn
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int ZoomOut
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int ZoomOutSlide
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int action_bar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int action_bar_container
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int action_bar_root
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int action_bar_title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int action_context_bar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int action_menu_divider
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int action_mode_bar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int alertTitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int always
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int beginning
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int buttonPanel
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int checkbox
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int collapseActionView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int contentPanel
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int custom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int customPanel
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int daimajia_indicator_wrapper
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int daimajia_slider_image
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int daimajia_slider_viewpager
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int decor_content_parent
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int default_activity_button
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int default_bottom_left_indicator
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int default_bottom_right_indicator
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int default_center_bottom_indicator
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int default_center_top_indicator
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int default_center_top_left_indicator
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int default_center_top_right_indicator
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int description
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int description_layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int disableHome
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int edit_query
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int end
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int expand_activities_button
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int expanded_menu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int home
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int homeAsUp
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int icon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int ifRoom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int image
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int invisible
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int listMode
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int list_item
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int loading_bar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int middle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int multiply
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int never
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int none
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int normal
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int oval
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int parentPanel
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int progress_circular
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int progress_horizontal
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int radio
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int rect
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int screen
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int scrollView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int search_badge
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int search_bar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int search_button
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int search_close_btn
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int search_edit_frame
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int search_go_btn
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int search_mag_icon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int search_plate
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int search_src_text
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int search_voice_btn
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int shortcut
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int showCustom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int showHome
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int showTitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int split_action_bar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int src_atop
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int src_in
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int src_over
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int submit_area
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int tabMode
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int title_template
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int topPanel
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int up
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int useLogo
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int visible
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int withText
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$id: int wrap_content
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_search_view
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int indicator_layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int render_type_default
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int render_type_text
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int slider_layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_search_hint
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$string: int app_name
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int AndroidImageSlider_Attractive_Rect_Blue
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int AndroidImageSlider_Corner_Oval_Orange
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int AndroidImageSlider_Magnifier_Oval_Black
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] PagerIndicator
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_padding_bottom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_padding_left
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_padding_right
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_padding_top
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_color
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_drawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_height
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_padding_bottom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_padding_left
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_padding_right
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_padding_top
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_width
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_shape
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_color
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_drawable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_height
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_padding_bottom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_padding_left
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_padding_right
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_padding_top
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_width
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_visibility
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] SliderLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SliderLayout_auto_cycle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SliderLayout_indicator_visibility
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SliderLayout_pager_animation
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SliderLayout_pager_animation_span
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] Themes
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Themes_PagerIndicatorStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Themes_SliderStyle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] View
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
com.daimajia.slider.library.R$styleable: int View_theme
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: SliderLayout(android.content.Context)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: SliderLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: SliderLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: void setCustomIndicator(com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: void setDuration(long)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: void setPresetTransformer(int)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: void setPresetTransformer(java.lang.String)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: void setCustomAnimation(com.daimajia.slider.library.Animations.BaseAnimationInterface)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: void setPresetTransformer(com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout$Transformer)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: void setIndicatorVisibility(com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$IndicatorVisibility)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator$IndicatorVisibility getIndicatorVisibility()
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: com.daimajia.slider.library.Indicators.PagerIndicator getPagerIndicator()
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: void setPresetIndicator(com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout$PresetIndicators)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.InfinitePagerAdapter getWrapperAdapter()
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderAdapter getRealAdapter()
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: int getCurrentPosition()
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderTypes.BaseSliderView getCurrentSlider()
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout: void setCurrentPosition(int)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout$PresetIndicators: com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout$PresetIndicators[] values()
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout$PresetIndicators: com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout$PresetIndicators valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout$Transformer: com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout$Transformer[] values()
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout$Transformer: com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderLayout$Transformer valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderTypes.BaseSliderView$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderTypes.BaseSliderView$ScaleType: com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderTypes.BaseSliderView$ScaleType[] values()
com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderTypes.BaseSliderView$ScaleType: com.daimajia.slider.library.SliderTypes.BaseSliderView$ScaleType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.InfiniteViewPager
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.InfiniteViewPager: InfiniteViewPager(android.content.Context)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.InfiniteViewPager: InfiniteViewPager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.InfiniteViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: ViewPagerEx(android.content.Context)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: ViewPagerEx(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: void setScrollState(int)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: void setOnAdapterChangeListener(com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx$OnAdapterChangeListener)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: int getClientWidth()
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: void setCurrentItem(int)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: int getCurrentItem()
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: void setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: void setPageMargin(int)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: int getPageMargin()
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx$SavedState
com.daimajia.slider.library.Tricks.ViewPagerEx$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int circleCrop
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int imageAspectRatio
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_action_bar_splitter
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_signin_btn_dark_text_default
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_signin_btn_dark_text_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_signin_btn_dark_text_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_signin_btn_dark_text_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_signin_btn_default_background
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_signin_btn_light_text_default
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_signin_btn_light_text_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_signin_btn_light_text_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_signin_btn_light_text_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_signin_btn_text_dark
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_signin_btn_text_light
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_full_open_on_phone
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_ic_googleplayservices
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int adjust_height
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int adjust_width
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int none
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int normal
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int wrap_content
com.google.android.gms.R$integer: int google_play_services_version
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int auth_google_play_services_client_facebook_display_name
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int auth_google_play_services_client_google_display_name
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_android_wear_notification_needs_update_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_android_wear_update_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_android_wear_update_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_api_unavailable_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_button
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_error_notification_requested_by_msg
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_button
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_text_phone
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_text_tablet
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_invalid_account_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_invalid_account_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_needs_enabling_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_network_error_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_network_error_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_needs_update_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_ticker
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_sign_in_failed_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_sign_in_failed_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unknown_issue
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unsupported_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unsupported_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_button
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_updating_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_updating_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_open_on_phone
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int[] LoadingImageView
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_circleCrop
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatio
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.DocumentContents
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.DocumentContents: com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.zzb CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.DocumentId
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.DocumentId: com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.zzc CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.DocumentSection
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.DocumentSection: com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.zzd CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.Feature
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.Feature: com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.zze CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.GetRecentContextCall$Request
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.GetRecentContextCall$Request: com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.zzf CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.GetRecentContextCall$Response
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.GetRecentContextCall$Response: com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.zzg CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.RegisterSectionInfo
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.RegisterSectionInfo: com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.zzi CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.UsageInfo
com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.UsageInfo: com.google.android.gms.appdatasearch.zzj CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$attr: int circleCrop
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$attr: int imageAspectRatio
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$attr: int imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$color: int common_action_bar_splitter
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$color: int common_signin_btn_dark_text_default
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$color: int common_signin_btn_dark_text_disabled
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$color: int common_signin_btn_dark_text_focused
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$color: int common_signin_btn_dark_text_pressed
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$color: int common_signin_btn_default_background
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$color: int common_signin_btn_light_text_default
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$color: int common_signin_btn_light_text_disabled
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$color: int common_signin_btn_light_text_focused
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$color: int common_signin_btn_light_text_pressed
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$color: int common_signin_btn_text_dark
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$color: int common_signin_btn_text_light
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$drawable: int common_full_open_on_phone
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$drawable: int common_ic_googleplayservices
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$id: int adjust_height
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$id: int adjust_width
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$id: int none
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$id: int normal
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$id: int wrap_content
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$integer: int google_play_services_version
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int auth_google_play_services_client_facebook_display_name
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int auth_google_play_services_client_google_display_name
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_android_wear_notification_needs_update_text
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_android_wear_update_text
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_android_wear_update_title
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_api_unavailable_text
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_button
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_text
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_title
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_error_notification_requested_by_msg
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_button
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_text_phone
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_text_tablet
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_title
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_invalid_account_text
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_invalid_account_title
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_needs_enabling_title
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_network_error_text
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_network_error_title
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_needs_update_title
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_ticker
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_sign_in_failed_text
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_sign_in_failed_title
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unknown_issue
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unsupported_text
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unsupported_title
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_button
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_text
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_title
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_updating_text
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_google_play_services_updating_title
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$string: int common_open_on_phone
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$styleable: int[] LoadingImageView
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_circleCrop
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatio
com.google.android.gms.appindexing.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.google.android.gms.auth.AccountChangeEvent
com.google.android.gms.auth.AccountChangeEvent: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.AccountChangeEventsRequest
com.google.android.gms.auth.AccountChangeEventsRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.AccountChangeEventsResponse
com.google.android.gms.auth.AccountChangeEventsResponse: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.TokenData
com.google.android.gms.auth.TokenData: com.google.android.gms.auth.zzd CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.consent.GetConsentIntentRequest
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.consent.GetConsentIntentRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.Credential
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.Credential: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.CredentialPickerConfig
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.CredentialPickerConfig: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.CredentialRequest
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.CredentialRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.IdToken
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.IdToken: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.PasswordSpecification
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.PasswordSpecification: com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.zze CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.internal.DeleteRequest
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.internal.DeleteRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.internal.SaveRequest
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.credentials.internal.SaveRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.proxy.ProxyGrpcRequest
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.proxy.ProxyGrpcRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.proxy.ProxyRequest
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.proxy.ProxyRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.proxy.ProxyResponse
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.proxy.ProxyResponse: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.EmailSignInConfig
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.EmailSignInConfig: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.FacebookSignInConfig
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.FacebookSignInConfig: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInConfig
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInConfig: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.internal.SignInConfiguration
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.internal.SignInConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.firstparty.shared.FACLConfig
com.google.android.gms.auth.firstparty.shared.FACLConfig: com.google.android.gms.auth.firstparty.shared.zza CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.firstparty.shared.FACLData
com.google.android.gms.auth.firstparty.shared.FACLData: com.google.android.gms.auth.firstparty.shared.zzb CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.firstparty.shared.ScopeDetail
com.google.android.gms.auth.firstparty.shared.ScopeDetail: com.google.android.gms.auth.firstparty.shared.zzc CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.firstparty.shared.zzd: com.google.android.gms.auth.firstparty.shared.zzd[] values()
com.google.android.gms.auth.firstparty.shared.zzd: com.google.android.gms.auth.firstparty.shared.zzd valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult
com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.AuthAccountRequest
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.AuthAccountRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.BinderWrapper
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.BinderWrapper: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.DowngradeableSafeParcel
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.GetServiceRequest
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.GetServiceRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ResolveAccountRequest
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ResolveAccountRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ResolveAccountResponse
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ResolveAccountResponse: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ValidateAccountRequest
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ValidateAccountRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.SafeParcelable
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.SafeParcelable: java.lang.String NULL
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zzh: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.google.android.gms.common.server.FavaDiagnosticsEntity
com.google.android.gms.common.server.FavaDiagnosticsEntity: com.google.android.gms.common.server.zza CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.ConverterWrapper
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.ConverterWrapper: com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.zza CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.StringToIntConverter
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.StringToIntConverter: com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.zzb CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.StringToIntConverter$Entry
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.StringToIntConverter$Entry: com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.zzc CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FastJsonResponse$Field
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FastJsonResponse$Field: com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.zza CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FastSafeParcelableJsonResponse
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary: com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.zzc CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary$Entry
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary$Entry: com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.zzd CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary$FieldMapPair
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary$FieldMapPair: com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.zzb CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.SafeParcelResponse
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.SafeParcelResponse: com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.zze CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.stats.ConnectionEvent
com.google.android.gms.common.stats.ConnectionEvent: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.stats.WakeLockEvent
com.google.android.gms.common.stats.WakeLockEvent: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zza$5: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.playlog.internal.LogEvent
com.google.android.gms.playlog.internal.LogEvent: com.google.android.gms.playlog.internal.zzc CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.playlog.internal.PlayLoggerContext
com.google.android.gms.playlog.internal.PlayLoggerContext: com.google.android.gms.playlog.internal.zze CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.search.GoogleNowAuthState
com.google.android.gms.search.GoogleNowAuthState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.AuthAccountResult
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.AuthAccountResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.CheckServerAuthResult
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.CheckServerAuthResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.RecordConsentRequest
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.RecordConsentRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy: com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy[] values()
com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy: com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy: com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy[] values()
com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy: com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken: com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken[] values()
com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken: com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_border_color
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_border_width
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_bottom_left
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_bottom_right
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_top_left
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_top_right
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_mutate_background
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_oval
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode_x
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode_y
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$id: int clamp
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$id: int mirror
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$id: int repeat
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int define_roundedimageview
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_author
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_authorWebsite
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_isOpenSource
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryDescription
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryName
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryVersion
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryWebsite
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_licenseId
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_repositoryLink
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int[] RoundedImageView
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_android_scaleType
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_border_color
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_border_width
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_bottom_left
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_bottom_right
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_top_left
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_top_right
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_mutate_background
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_oval
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode_x
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode_y
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: RoundedImageView(android.content.Context)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: RoundedImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: RoundedImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType getScaleType()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setScaleType(android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setImageResource(int)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBackgroundColor(int)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: float getCornerRadius()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: float getMaxCornerRadius()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setCornerRadiusDimen(int)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setCornerRadius(float)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: float getBorderWidth()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBorderWidth(int)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBorderWidth(float)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: int getBorderColor()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBorderColor(int)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBorderColors()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBorderColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setOval(boolean)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: android.graphics.Shader$TileMode getTileModeX()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setTileModeX(android.graphics.Shader$TileMode)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: android.graphics.Shader$TileMode getTileModeY()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setTileModeY(android.graphics.Shader$TileMode)
com.qiandu.live.LiveApp
com.qiandu.live.LiveApp: LiveApp()
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int anim_slice_in_left
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int anim_slice_in_right
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int anim_slice_out_left
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int anim_slice_out_right
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_in
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_out
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int design_fab_in
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int design_fab_out
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int design_snackbar_in
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int design_snackbar_out
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int live_gift_icon_in
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int live_gift_in
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int live_gift_market
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int live_gift_num
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int live_gift_out
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int live_gift_view_in
com.qiandu.live.R$anim: int live_gift_view_out
com.qiandu.live.R$animator: int design_appbar_state_list_animator
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int PagerIndicatorStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int SliderStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionBarSize
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int actionViewClass
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int allowStacking
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int animLength
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int animLengthRand
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int anim_duration
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int auto_cycle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int backText
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int background
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int backgroundTint
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int barLength
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int behavior_autoHide
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int behavior_hideable
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int behavior_overlapTop
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int behavior_peekHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int behavior_skipCollapsed
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int bezierFactor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int borderWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int border_color
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int border_width
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int bottomSheetDialogTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int bottomSheetStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int buttonGravity
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int buttonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int buttonTint
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int canBack
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int canNav
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int circleCrop
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int closeIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int collapseIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int collapsedTitleGravity
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int collapsedTitleTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int color
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int colorAccent
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int colorPrimary
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int commitIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int content
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int contentScrim
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int controlBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int counterEnabled
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int counterMaxLength
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int counterOverflowTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int counterTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int dialogTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int displayOptions
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int divider
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int dividerPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int dividerVertical
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int drawableSize
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int editTextBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int editTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int editTextStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int errorEnabled
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int errorTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int expanded
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int expandedTitleGravity
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int expandedTitleMargin
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginBottom
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginStart
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginTop
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int expandedTitleTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int fabSize
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int foregroundInsidePadding
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int goIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int headerLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int heart_height
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int heart_width
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int height
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int hintAnimationEnabled
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int hintEnabled
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int hintTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int homeLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int icon
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int imageAspectRatio
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int indicator_visibility
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int initX
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int initY
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int insetForeground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int isBottom
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int isLightTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int isSwitch
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int isdynamic
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int isyaowen
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int itemBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int itemIconTint
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int itemPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int itemTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int itemTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int keylines
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int layout
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int layoutManager
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int layout_anchor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int layout_behavior
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int layout_collapseMode
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int layout_keyline
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int layout_scrollFlags
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int layout_scrollInterpolator
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int listItemLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int listLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int logo
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int logoDescription
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int maxActionInlineWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int menu
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int moreText
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int name
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int navigationIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int navigationMode
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int paddingEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int paddingStart
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int padding_bottom
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int padding_left
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int padding_right
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int padding_top
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pager_animation
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pager_animation_span
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int panelBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int passwordToggleContentDescription
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int passwordToggleDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int passwordToggleEnabled
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int passwordToggleTint
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int passwordToggleTintMode
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int point_color
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int popupTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pressedTranslationZ
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pstsDividerColor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pstsDividerPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pstsIndicatorColor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pstsIndicatorHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pstsScrollOffset
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pstsShouldExpand
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pstsTabBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pstsTabPaddingLeftRight
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pstsTextAllCaps
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pstsUnderlineColor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int pstsUnderlineHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int queryBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int queryHint
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int reverseLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int rippleColor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int riv_border_color
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int riv_border_width
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_bottom_left
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_bottom_right
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_top_left
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_top_right
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int riv_mutate_background
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int riv_oval
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode_x
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode_y
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int scrimAnimationDuration
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int searchIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int selected_color
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int selected_drawable
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int selected_height
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int selected_padding_bottom
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int selected_padding_left
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int selected_padding_right
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int selected_padding_top
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int selected_width
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int shape
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int showAsAction
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int showDividers
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int showText
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int showTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int spanCount
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int spinBars
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int splitTrack
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int srcCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int stackFromEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int state_collapsed
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int state_collapsible
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int statusBarScrim
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int submitBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int switchPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int switchStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabContentStart
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabGravity
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabIndicatorColor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabIndicatorHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabMaxWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabMinWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabMode
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabPaddingBottom
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabPaddingEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabPaddingStart
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabPaddingTop
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabSelectedTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tabTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int textAllCaps
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int textColorError
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int theme
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int thickness
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int thumbTint
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tickMark
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int title
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int titleEnabled
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int titleMargin
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int titleMargins
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int titleText
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int titleTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int toolbarId
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int track
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int trackTint
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int trackTintMode
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int unselected_color
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int unselected_drawable
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int unselected_height
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int unselected_padding_bottom
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int unselected_padding_left
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int unselected_padding_right
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int unselected_padding_top
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int unselected_width
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int useCompatPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int visibility
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int voiceIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int windowActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int xPointFactor
com.qiandu.live.R$attr: int xRand
com.qiandu.live.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
com.qiandu.live.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
com.qiandu.live.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
com.qiandu.live.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
com.qiandu.live.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int C10
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int C6
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_tint_default
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_thumb
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int accent_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int accent_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int all_titlebar_bg_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int backclols
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int backgroud
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int background
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int background_gray1
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int background_gray2
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int background_gray3
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int background_gray4
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int background_gray5
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int background_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int background_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int bar_center_title_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int bar_line_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int black
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int blue_30e7d5
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int btn_blue
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int btn_blue_hover
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int btn_live
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int btn_live_press
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int btn_red
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int btn_red_hover
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int btn_text
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int btn_text_hover
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int button_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int button_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int c1
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int c2
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int c3
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int c4
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int c5
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int c6
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int c7
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int c8
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int c9
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorAccent
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorActivityBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorBlue
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorDanmuMsg
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorDarkTransparentGray
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorGiftMarketBG
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorGiftMarketBottomBG
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorGiftMarketItemBG
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorGray1
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorGray2
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorGray3
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorGray4
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorGray5
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorGray6
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorGrayTransparent
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorGrayTransparentShare
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorLabelRed
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorLabelRedActive
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorLabelYellow
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorLabelYellowActive
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorLabelYellowMask
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorLightGray
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorLightTransparentGray
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorMask
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorMemberDialogbg
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorPrimary
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorPrimaryDark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorRed
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorSendName
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorSendName1
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorSendName2
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorSendName3
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorSendName4
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorSendName5
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorSendName6
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorSendName7
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorTextBlack
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorTextG1
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorTextG2
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorTextG3
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorTextG4
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorTextWhite
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorThemeActive
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorTransparentBlack
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorTransparentGray
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorVeryDarkTransparentGray
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int color_bottom_bar_background
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int color_input_dialog_background
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int colorblacktransparent90
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int common_action_bar_splitter
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int common_signin_btn_dark_text_default
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int common_signin_btn_dark_text_disabled
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int common_signin_btn_dark_text_focused
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int common_signin_btn_dark_text_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int common_signin_btn_default_background
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int common_signin_btn_light_text_default
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int common_signin_btn_light_text_disabled
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int common_signin_btn_light_text_focused
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int common_signin_btn_light_text_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int common_signin_btn_text_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int common_signin_btn_text_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int design_error
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_end_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_mid_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_start_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int design_snackbar_background_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int design_tint_password_toggle
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int dialog_btn_pressed_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int divider_group_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int foreground_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int gray_95
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int gray_a0a0a0
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int gray_f5f5f5
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int layout
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int line
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int line_btn
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int list_has_read
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_charm
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_gift_balance_red
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_gift_cost_gold
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_gift_red
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_gift_red_end
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_gift_red_start
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_im_content_follow
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_im_gag_leave
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_im_gift_back
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_im_heart
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_im_join
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_im_name
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_im_system
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int live_setting_item_selected
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int loading_textcolor
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int material_grey_100
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int material_grey_300
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int material_grey_50
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int material_grey_600
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int material_grey_800
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int material_grey_850
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int material_grey_900
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int msg_nickname
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int msg_text
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int notification_material_background_media_default_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int panel_black
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int primary_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int primary_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int product_img_bg_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int pstrip__yaowen_text_selected_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int pstrip_text__normal_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int pstrip_text_selected_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int pstrip_text_selected_color_red
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int rech_zhezhao
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int red_fecacb
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int rg_background
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int ripple_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tab_bg_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tab_blue_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tab_title_text
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tencent_tls_ui_background
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tencent_tls_ui_black
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tencent_tls_ui_countryCodeColor
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tencent_tls_ui_deepgray
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tencent_tls_ui_defaultButtonColor
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tencent_tls_ui_gray
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tencent_tls_ui_pressedButtonColor
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tencent_tls_ui_shadowgray
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tencent_tls_ui_titleBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tencent_tls_ui_titleFontColor
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tencent_tls_ui_transparent
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int tencent_tls_ui_white
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int text_blue1
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int text_blue2
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int text_gray1
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int text_gray2
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int title_text_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int transparent
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int white
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int xml_list_item_text_color
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int xml_music_button_text
com.qiandu.live.R$color: int zitibaise
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int audio_actionsheet_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int audio_friend_border_margin_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int audio_friend_imgH
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int audio_friend_imgW
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int audio_friend_img_border
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int audio_friend_infoH
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int audio_icon_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int audio_tip_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_appbar_elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_text_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_fab_border_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_fab_elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_fab_image_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_mini
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_fab_translation_z_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_navigation_elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_padding
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_navigation_max_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_navigation_padding_bottom
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_background_corner_radius
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_max_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_min_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_horizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_text_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_tab_max_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_tab_scrollable_min_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size_2line
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_bigname_maxwidth
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_dialog_btn_margin_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_dialog_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_dialog_height_gprs
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_dialog_textsize
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_dialog_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_grid_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_list_name_maxwidth
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_lock_maxwidth
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_lock_textsize
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_name_maxwidth
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_name_maxwidth_dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_name_maxwidth_inviter
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_name_maxwidth_title
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_padding
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_request_video_text_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_spacing
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_spacing_320
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_speaking_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_speaking_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int gaudio_tips_name_maxwidth
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int h1
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int h10
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int h11
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int h12
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int h2
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int h3
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int h4
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int h5
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int h6
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int h7
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int h8
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int h9
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int heart_anim_bezier_x_rand
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int heart_anim_init_x
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int heart_anim_init_y
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int heart_anim_length
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int heart_anim_length_rand
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int heart_anim_x_point_factor
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int heart_size_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int heart_size_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int live_btn_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int main_content
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int member_heart_layout_bottom_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int multi_audio_item_faceH
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int multi_audio_item_faceW
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int multi_video_item_faceH
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int multi_video_item_faceW
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int multi_video_name_max_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_accept_video_margin_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bottombar_bg_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bottombar_btn_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bottombar_btn_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bottombar_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bottombar_icon_spacing
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bottombar_left_trans
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bottombar_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bottombar_margin_for_ivr
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bottombar_mid_trans
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bottombar_normal_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bottombar_right_trans
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bottombar_spacing
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bottomlayer_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bubbble_icon_ratio
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_bubbble_icon_ratio_ex
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_double_friend_imgW
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_double_video_friend_imgW
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_grid_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_grid_icon_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_grid_item_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_grid_margin_members_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_grid_margin_top_nor
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_grid_margin_top_sig
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_grid_margin_top_waiting
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_grid_net_tip_margin_top_one_line
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_grid_net_tip_margin_top_two_line
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_indicate_margin_top_one_line
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_indicate_margin_top_two_line
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_indicator_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_member_name_margin_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_member_name_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_members_container_one_line
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_members_container_two_line
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_members_holder_height_one_line
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_members_holder_height_two_line
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_members_holder_margin_top_large
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_members_holder_margin_top_small
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_msg_text_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_speaking_icon_margin_left
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_speaking_icon_margin_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_gaudio_speaking_icon_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_grid_view_item_width_audio
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_grid_view_item_width_video
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_info_margintop
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_info_margintop_ldpi
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_info_margintop_video
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_info_name_margintop
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_invite_btn_right_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_invite_btn_trans
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_lock_bg_w
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_lock_left_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_lock_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_lock_right_edge
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_msg_name_max_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_msg_text_max_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_multi_video_friend_item_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_net_tip_margin_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_net_tip_margin_top_small
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_notification_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_ring_margintop
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_setting_table_row_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_smartbar_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_tips_margintop
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_tips_margintop_ldpi
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_title_bar_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_title_margin_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_titlebar_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_waiting_text_max_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_waiting_tip_margin_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_waiting_tip_margin_top_one_line
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_waiting_tip_margin_top_small
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int qav_waiting_tip_margin_top_two_line
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int slid_indicator_textalign
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int small_area_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int small_area_margin_bottom
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int small_area_margin_top
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int small_area_marginbetween
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int small_area_marginright
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int small_area_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_0
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_0_5
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_0_8
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_1
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_100
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_11
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_13
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_15
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_150
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_17
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_170
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_175
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_18
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_180
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_19
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_1dp
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_2
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_20
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_21
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_22
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_23
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_24
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_245
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_26
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_27
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_28
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_29
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_290
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_3
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_30
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_35
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_4
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_47
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_5
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_6
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_7
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_70
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_75
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_76
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_8
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_80
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_81
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_9
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_90
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int space_94
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int sub_content
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int t1
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int t2
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int t3
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int t4
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int t5
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int tencent_tls_ui_activity_horizontal_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int tencent_tls_ui_activity_vertical_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int tencent_tls_ui_buttonFontSize
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int tencent_tls_ui_edittext_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int tencent_tls_ui_edittext_leftpadding
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int tencent_tls_ui_edittext_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int tencent_tls_ui_edittext_rightpadding
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int tencent_tls_ui_titleBarHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int tencent_tls_ui_titleFontSize
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_10
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_11
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_12
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_13
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_14
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_15
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_16
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_17
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_18
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_19
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_20
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_21
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_22
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_23
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_24
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_25
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_26
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_27
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_28
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_29
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_30
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_31
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_32
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_7
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_8
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int text_size_9
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int title
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int toolbar_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int trivial_content
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_bottom_toolbar_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_lock_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_msgbox_offset
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_msgbox_offsetX
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_msgbox_offsetY
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_small_mute_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_small_video_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_small_view_height
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_small_view_offsetX
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_small_view_offsetY
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_small_view_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_smallview_move_thresholdX
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_smallview_move_thresholdY
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_title_default_width
com.qiandu.live.R$dimen: int video_top_toolbar_margin
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password_1
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password_2
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password_3
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int avd_show_password
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int avd_show_password_1
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int avd_show_password_2
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int avd_show_password_3
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int barrage
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int barrage_slider_off
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int barrage_slider_on
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int beautiful
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int beautiful_press
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int beauty_seekbar_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int beauty_seekbar_progress
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int bg_admin_more
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int bg_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int bg_login
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int blue_bg_shape
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int blue_circle_point_shape
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int blue_slide_bg_shape
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int blur
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_back
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_back_gray
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_back_png
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_back_press
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_beauty_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_beauty_press
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_beauty_selector
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_camera
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_close
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_close_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_close_press
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_home
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_live
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_log
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_login
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_login_base
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_nolog
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_red
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_red_nor
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_red_pre
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_return
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_send_message
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_send_message_base
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_shape_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_shape_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_switch_off
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_switch_on
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_switch_press
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_verify
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_white_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_white_press
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int btn_white_selector
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int button
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int button_bg_shape
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int button_bg_white_shape
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int button_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int button_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int button_return_home_page
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int camera_off
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int camera_on
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int camera_switch
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int camera_switch_default
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int camera_switch_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int camera_switch_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int chat_heart_1
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int chat_heart_10
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int chat_heart_11
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int chat_heart_12
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int chat_heart_2
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int chat_heart_3
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int chat_heart_4
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int chat_heart_5
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int chat_heart_6
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int chat_heart_7
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int chat_heart_8
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int chat_heart_9
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int chongzhi_btn_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int circle
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int clear_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int close
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int close_press
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int common_full_open_on_phone
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int common_ic_googleplayservices
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int common_loading_anim
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int default_head
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int default_head_1
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int design_bottom_navigation_item_background
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int design_fab_background
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility_off
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int design_password_eye
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int design_snackbar_background
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int dialog_bg_shape
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int dialog_user_delete
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int dialog_user_level_shape
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int dialog_usericon_shape
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int drawable_face_beauty
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int drawable_face_whitening
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int eardsings_image_shape
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int email
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int face
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int filter_fennen
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int filter_huaijiu
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int filter_landiao
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int filter_langman
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int filter_qingxin
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int filter_rixi
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int filter_weimei
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int fliter_qingliang
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int fukebiankuang
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int gray_bg_shape
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart0
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart1
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart10
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart11
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart2
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart3
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart4
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart5
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart6
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart7
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart8
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart9
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int heart_border
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int home
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int homeed
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int hueise_fillet
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int ic_liked
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int ic_right
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_beauty_drawable
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_beauty_png
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_breauty_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_camera_on
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_edit
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_flash
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_flash_png
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_flash_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_hearts
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_lbs_off
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_lbs_on
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_like
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_like_png
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_like_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_liked
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_live
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_members
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_message
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_message_png
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_message_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_position
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_right
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_setting_down
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_setting_up
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_switch_camera_on
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int icon_video
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int image
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int img_chat_black
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int img_chat_white
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int indicator_corner_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int item_giftmarket_bg_selector
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int like
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int like_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_btn_gift_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_btn_gift_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_btn_gift_selector
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_choose_circle_item_selected
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_choose_circle_item_unselected
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_gift_dialog_transparent_oval
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_gift_item_bg_shape
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_gift_market_indicator_selector
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_gift_market_indicator_shape_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_gift_market_indicator_shape_selected
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_gift_zsgold
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_head_placeholder
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_img_chat_black
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_login_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int live_setting_popup_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int liveshow_item_dot
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loading_1
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loading_10
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loading_11
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loading_2
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loading_3
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loading_4
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loading_5
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loading_6
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loading_7
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loading_8
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loading_9
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int lock_off
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int lock_on
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int login_login_button_selector
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int login_part_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int login_part_full_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int login_third_qq
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int login_third_qq_pre
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int login_third_qq_selecter
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int login_third_sina
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int login_third_sina_pre
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int login_third_sina_selecter
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int login_third_weixin
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int login_third_weixin_pre
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int login_third_weixin_selecter
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loginout_cancel
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loginout_cancel_selector
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loginout_sure
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int loginout_sure_selector
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int lv01
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int menu_pop_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int message
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int message_background
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int message_cancle
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int mic
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int mic_black
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int motion
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int motion_press
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int music
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int music_big
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int music_black
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int music_choice
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int music_item_selected
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int navigation_empty_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int net_error_tip
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int no_data_tip
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int notification_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int pager_tab_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int paihang
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int paihanged
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int pause_publish
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int payment
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int payment_button
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int payment_click
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int pb_live_giftmarket_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int play
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int play_click
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int play_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int play_pause
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int play_seekbar_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int play_seekbar_progress
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int play_start
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int playback
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int played
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int playing
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int playinged
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int position
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int praise_heart_1
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int praise_heart_10
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int praise_heart_11
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int praise_heart_12
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int praise_heart_2
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int praise_heart_3
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int praise_heart_4
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int praise_heart_5
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int praise_heart_6
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int praise_heart_7
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int praise_heart_8
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int praise_heart_9
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int private_mode_background_dark
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int private_mode_background_light
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int progress_bar_rotate_public
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int progress_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int progress_front
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int progress_primary
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int publish_background
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int pusher_info_background
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int qr_code
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int radio_choice
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int rechar_gouqian
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int rechar_gouxuan
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int rechar_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int rechar_selected
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int record_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int recording_background_horizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int recording_background_private_horizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int recording_background_private_vertical
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int recording_background_vertical
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int scan
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int search
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int seekbar_line
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int seekbar_line_highlight
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int seekbar_progress_drawable
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int shape_red_point
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int shape_round_button
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int splash_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int subscribe_progress
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int subscribe_rotate
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int switch_close
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int switch_off
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int switch_on
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int switch_open
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int switch_press
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_live
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_live_p
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_live_selector
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_me
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_me_p
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_me_selector
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_my_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_my_press
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_my_selector
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_pubish_selector
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_publish_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_publish_press
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_room
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_room_p
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_room_selector
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_user
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tab_video
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int text_accent_gray_color
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int toast_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int tourist
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int user_click
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int user_login_name_left_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int user_login_psw_left_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int user_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int video_click
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int video_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int visitors
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int white
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int white_press
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int wode
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int wodeed
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int xml_list_item_selected_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int zhifu_baise_bag
com.qiandu.live.R$drawable: int zhifu_hongse_bag
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int Accordion
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int Background2Foreground
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int CubeIn
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int Default
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int DepthPage
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int Fade
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int FlipHorizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int FlipPage
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int Foreground2Background
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int RotateDown
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int RotateUp
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int Stack
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int Tablet
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ZoomIn
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ZoomOut
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ZoomOutSlide
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action0
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_bar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_bar_container
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_bar_root
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_bar_title
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_container
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_context_bar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_divider
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_image
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_menu_divider
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_mode_bar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int action_text
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int actions
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_binder_jiazu
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_caifu
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_chenyuan
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_dengji
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_fuwutiaokuan
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_guanzhu
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_jiazu
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_lianxi
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_my_fanily
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_shehuigongyue
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_shezhi
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_shouyi
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_user
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_yingsitiaokuan
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_yingsitiaokuan2
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int activity_yingsitiaokuan3
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int add
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int address
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int adjust_height
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int adjust_width
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int alertTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int all
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int always
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int auto
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int avatar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int background
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int baoguo
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int barrage_area
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int barrage_btn
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int beauty_seekbar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int beauty_text
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int beauty_text_image
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int beginning
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int bottom
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int bottombtn
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_cancel
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_close
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_email
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_fengxiang
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_gift
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_go
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_houtui
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_laba
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_lbs
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_like
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_login
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_message_input
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_publish
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_record
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_register
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_reset_pswd
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_setting
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int btn_verify_code
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int buttonPanel
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int camera_dialog_pick
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int cancel_action
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int cancle_show
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int cccc
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int center
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int center_horizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int center_vertical
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int changecamera_text
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int changecamera_text_image
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int checkbox
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int chos_camera
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int chronometer
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int circle_index_indicator
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int clamp
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int clip_horizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int clip_vertical
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int coin
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int collapseActionView
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int confirm_area
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int confrim_btn
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int contentPanel
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int cover
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ctl_bottomLine
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ctl_btnSwitch
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ctl_content
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ctl_contentText
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ctl_name
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ctl_rightArrow
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int custom
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int customPanel
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int daimajia_indicator_wrapper
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int daimajia_slider_image
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int daimajia_slider_viewpager
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int decor_content_parent
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int default_activity_button
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int default_bottom_left_indicator
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int default_bottom_right_indicator
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int default_center_bottom_indicator
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int default_center_top_indicator
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int default_center_top_left_indicator
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int default_center_top_right_indicator
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int denglurela
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int denglurelativelayout
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int description
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int description_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int design_bottom_sheet
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area_stub
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int design_menu_item_text
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int design_navigation_view
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int dialog_banned
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int dialog_btn_cancel
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int dialog_cancel
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int dialog_confirm
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int dialog_leave_message
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int dialog_message_info
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int dialog_report
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int dialog_user_family
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int dialog_user_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int dialog_user_id
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int dialog_user_level
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int dialog_user_msg
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int dialog_user_nick
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int disableHome
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int earndings_item_info
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ed_jiazuname
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ed_jiazuxuanyan
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int editText_gerenqianming
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int editText_name
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int edit_query
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int end
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int end_padder
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int enterAlways
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int enterAlwaysCollapsed
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int et_input_message
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int et_login
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int et_password
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int et_register
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int et_yanzhengma
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int exitUntilCollapsed
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int expand_activities_button
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int expanded_menu
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int fill
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int fill_horizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int fill_vertical
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int filterPicker
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int fixed
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int flash_text
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int flash_text_image
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int forget_pswd
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int fragment_main
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int get_more
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int gift_item_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int gift_show_item
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int guanyu
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int gv_live_gift
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int heart_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int home
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int homeAsUp
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int host_name
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int host_position
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int icon
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int icon_group
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int id
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int id_indicator
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ifRoom
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int im_msg_listview
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int image
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int imageView
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int imageView2
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int imageView3
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int imageView4
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int imageView5
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int imageView6
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int imageView7
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int imageView9
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int imageView_cover
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int img
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int img_chengyuan
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int img_geren
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int img_lbs
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int img_maiko
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int img_xiayibu
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int imgview_cover
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int info
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int invisible
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int item_gift_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int item_touch_helper_previous_elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ivImg
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int iv_avatar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int iv_head_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int iv_live_bg
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int iv_record
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int iv_record_ball
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int iv_ui_head
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int largeLabel
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int layou_fuwutiaokuan
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int layou_shehuigongyue
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int layou_wddengji
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int layou_yingsitiaokuan
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int layoutFaceBeauty
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int layout_live_pusher_info
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int layout_lxwomen
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int layout_shezhi
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int layout_tuichu
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int layout_wdcaifu
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int layout_wdjiazu
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int layout_wdshouyi
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int layout_zbrenzhen
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int leave_message
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int leave_message_content
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int leave_message_detail
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int leave_message_info
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int leave_message_name
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int leave_message_time
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int left
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int line1
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int line3
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int listMode
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int list_item
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int liveGiftLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_gift_con1
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_gift_con2
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_gift_con3
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_gift_img
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_gift_item
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_gift_msg
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_gift_num
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_gift_userName
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_gift_user_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_gift_usermsg
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_gift_view
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_list
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_logo
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int live_title
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ll_data_loading
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ll_live_setting_beauty
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ll_live_setting_changecamera
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ll_live_setting_filter
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ll_live_setting_flash
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int loadingViewRoot
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int loading_bar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int loading_image
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int loading_progress_bar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int loading_tip_txt
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int login
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int masked
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int media_actions
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int menu1
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int menu2
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int middle
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int mini
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int mirror
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int money
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int multiply
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int navigation_header_container
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int never
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int none
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int normal
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int notification_background
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int outside
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int oval
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int pager_indicator
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int parallax
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int parent
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int parentPanel
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int pengyouquan
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int pic_lib
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int picture_dialog_pick
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int pin
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int problems
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int progress_circular
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int progress_horizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int pull_to_refresh_progress
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int pull_to_refresh_text
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int qinmidu
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int qq
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int radio
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rb_bitrate_fast
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rb_bitrate_normal
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rb_bitrate_slow
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rb_record_camera
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rb_record_screen
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int recode_withdraw
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rect
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int recyclerviewww
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int relativeLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int relativeLayout2
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int relativeLayout3
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int relativeLayout4
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int relativeLayout_touxiang
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int repeat
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rg_bitrate
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rg_record_type
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int ribang
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int right
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int right_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int right_side
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rl_bitrate
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rl_controllLayer
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rl_inputdlg_view
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rl_login_root
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rl_outside_view
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rl_play_root
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rl_publish_root
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rl_register_root
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rl_user_info
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rv_caifu_list
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int rv_user_avatar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int screen
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int scroll
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int scrollView
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int scrollable
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int search
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int search_badge
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int search_bar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int search_button
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int search_close_btn
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int search_edit_frame
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int search_go_btn
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int search_mag_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int search_plate
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int search_src_text
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int search_voice_btn
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int self_create_titlebar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int send_user_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int sendcontext
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int shezhi
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int shortcut
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int showCustom
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int showHome
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int showTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int slider
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int smallLabel
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int snackbar_action
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int snackbar_text
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int snap
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int spacer
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int split_action_bar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int src_atop
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int src_in
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int src_over
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int srl_leave_msg
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int start
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int submenuarrow
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int submit_area
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int swipe_refresh_layout_list
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tabMode
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tab_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tabs
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tag_first
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tag_second
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tell
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tellg
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tellll
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int text
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int text2
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView10
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView11
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView17
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView2
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView22
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView23
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView24
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView25
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView26
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView3
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView4
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView5
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView6
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView7
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView8
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textView9
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int text_bianji
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int text_chengyuan
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int text_input_password_toggle
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int text_item
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int text_muman
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int text_nan
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int text_qinmidu
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int text_xingbie
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int text_zuzhang
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int text_zuzhangname
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textinput_counter
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textinput_error
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textview_baocun
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int textview_guanzhu
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int time
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int title
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int title_bar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int title_template
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int toast_tv
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tobar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tool_bar
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int top
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int topPanel
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int toppanel1
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int touch_outside
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int transition_current_scene
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int transition_scene_layoutid_cache
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tvTab
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_back
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_broadcasting_time
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_face_beauty
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_face_whitening
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_host_name
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_item_gift_cost
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_item_gift_name
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_live_coin_count
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_live_gift_pay
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_live_giftmarket_balance1
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_member_counts
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_members
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_pic_tip
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_praise
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_record
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_time
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_ui_nickname
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_ui_user_id
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int tv_ui_user_qianming
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int up
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int useLogo
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int vPager1
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int video_view
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int view_offset_helper
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int viewpager
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int visible
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int vp_share_live_dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int wealth_user_account
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int wealth_user_coin
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int wealth_user_left
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int wealth_user_level
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int webView
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int webView2
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int webview_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int weixin
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int withText
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int wrap_content
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int wwwww
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int xml_push_title
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int yanzhngma
com.qiandu.live.R$id: int zhuce
com.qiandu.live.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
com.qiandu.live.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
com.qiandu.live.R$integer: int anim_duration
com.qiandu.live.R$integer: int app_bar_elevation_anim_duration
com.qiandu.live.R$integer: int bottom_sheet_slide_duration
com.qiandu.live.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$integer: int design_snackbar_text_max_lines
com.qiandu.live.R$integer: int google_play_services_version
com.qiandu.live.R$integer: int heart_anim_bezier_factor
com.qiandu.live.R$integer: int hide_password_duration
com.qiandu.live.R$integer: int show_password_duration
com.qiandu.live.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_search_view
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_binder_jiazu
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_caifu
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_chenyuan
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_coin_exchange
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_dengji
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_forget_pswd
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_fuwutiaokuan
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_guanzhu
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_jiazu
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_lianxi
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_live_player
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_live_publisher
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_login
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_main
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_my_fanily
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_paihang
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_problems
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_publish_setting
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_register
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_ribang
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_shehuigongyue
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_shezhi
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_shouyi
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_user
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_yingsitiaokuan
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_yingsitiaokuan2
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_yingsitiaokuan3
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int activity_zhubo_renzhen
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int avtivity_jiazui
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_bottom_navigation_item
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_bottom_sheet_dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar_include
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_text
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_menu_item_action_area
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_navigation_item
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_header
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_separator
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_subheader
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu_item
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int design_text_input_password_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int dialog_input_leave_msg
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int dialog_input_text
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int dialog_pic_choose
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int dialog_user_info
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int earndings_list_item
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int email_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int end_detail_fragment
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_beauty_area
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_filter
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_home_2
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_home_3
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_home_4
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_home_hot
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_home_latest
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_huodong
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_live_list
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_live_main
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_ranking_1
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_ranking_2
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_ranking_3
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int fragment_user_info
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int gift_pager_item_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int home_hot_live_item_view
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int indicator_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int item_chatmsg
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int item_user_avatar
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int layout_dialog_pick
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int layout_dialognan_pick
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int layout_live_pusher_info
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int layout_periscope
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int leave_message_item
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int list_refresh_footer
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int list_refresh_header
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int live_dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int live_gift_item
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int live_gift_item_view
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int live_gift_view
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int live_gifts_item_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int live_gifts_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int live_host_setting
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int live_item_view
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int loading
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_action
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_media_action
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_custom
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_template_lines_media
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_template_media
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_template_media_custom
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int pop_layout2
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int pop_menu
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int render_type_default
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int render_type_text
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int slider_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int tab_button
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int tab_button1
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int tab_live
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int toast_utils
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int view_line_controller
com.qiandu.live.R$layout: int wealth_coin_list_item
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int beijing
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int bg
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int biaoqian
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int btn_hong
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int btn_lan
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int btn_return
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int btn_tianjiajiahao
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int camera_off
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int camera_on
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int confirmpswd
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int dayuhao
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int denglu
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int dui
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int earndings_alipay
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int earndings_mobile
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int earndings_name
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int fenxiang
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int fenxoamg
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int float_logo
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int guanzhu
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int guanzhued
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int guanzhuguanzhu
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart1
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart10
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart11
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart12
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart13
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart14
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart15
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart16
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart17
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart18
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart19
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart2
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart20
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart21
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart22
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart23
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart24
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart3
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart4
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart5
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart6
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart7
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart8
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int heart9
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int home
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int huangguan
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int huibo
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int huoquyanzhengma
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int jiazu
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int laba
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int lock_off
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int lock_on
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int logoo
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int lw
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int maikefen
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int messger
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int my
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int mymy
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int paihang
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int paihanged
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int pengpengpengpeng
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int play
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int played
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int playing
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int playinged
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int pop_bg2
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int problems
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int qq
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int qqqqqqqq
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int quxiao
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int recording_background_horizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int recording_background_private_horizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int recording_background_private_vertical
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int recording_background_vertical
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int rengong
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int sezhi
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int shezhi
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int sssss
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int suosuosuo
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int title_btn_return
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int weiweiweiweiweiw
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int weixin
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int wenjian
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int wenti
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int wileweixin
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int wode
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int wodeed
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int wqe2
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int xiaoxi
com.qiandu.live.R$mipmap: int zhuce
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_capital_off
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_capital_on
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_search_hint
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int action_settings
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_login_guest_login
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_login_login
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_login_normal_login
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_login_password
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_login_phone_login
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_login_phone_num
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_login_register
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_login_username
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_login_verify_code
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_login_verify_code_edit
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_publish_beauty
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_publish_white
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_register_normal_register
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_register_password
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_register_password_verify
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_register_phone_num
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_register_phone_register
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_register_register
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_register_return
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_register_username
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int activity_register_verify_code
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int alipay_account
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int alipay_mobile
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int alipay_name
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int app_about
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int app_fance
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int app_follow
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int app_name
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int app_set
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int appbar_scrolling_view_behavior
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int auth_google_play_services_client_facebook_display_name
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int auth_google_play_services_client_google_display_name
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int beauty_disenable
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int bottom_sheet_behavior
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_agree
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_bingin_jiazu
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_cancel
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_cancle
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_close
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_exchange
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_login_out
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_pic_jiazu
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_pic_photo
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_refuse
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_return
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_return_home
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_save
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_sure
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int btn_take_photo
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int character_counter_pattern
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int chenyuan_list
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int chongzhi_zhanghao
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int clip_tip
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int clip_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_android_wear_notification_needs_update_text
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_android_wear_update_text
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_android_wear_update_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_api_unavailable_text
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_button
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_text
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_error_notification_requested_by_msg
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_button
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_text_phone
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_text_tablet
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_invalid_account_text
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_invalid_account_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_needs_enabling_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_network_error_text
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_network_error_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_needs_update_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_ticker
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_sign_in_failed_text
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_sign_in_failed_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unknown_issue
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unsupported_text
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unsupported_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_button
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_text
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_updating_text
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_google_play_services_updating_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int common_open_on_phone
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int create_group_error
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int define_roundedimageview
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int dialog_input_text_hint
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int dialog_selectSex
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int edit_error
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int error_code_prefix
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int float_window_not_allow
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int forgetPwd
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int forget_pswd
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int gift_market_dialog_balance
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int gift_market_dialog_pay
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int gift_market_dialog_send
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int gift_market_dialog_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int gift_market_no_syb
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int gift_market_text_syb
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int group_not_exit_error
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int host_admire
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int host_follow
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int host_funs
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int host_phone
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int host_sign
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int invite_dialog_tips
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int jiazuxuanyan
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int jinbigongxiangbang
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int join_group_error
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int joinfrinl
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int leave_message_wall
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_author
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_authorWebsite
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_isOpenSource
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryDescription
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryName
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryVersion
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryWebsite
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_licenseId
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_repositoryLink
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_admires_tips
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_btn_par
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_btn_push
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_btn_record
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_btn_stop_push
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_btn_stop_record
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_cancel
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_cover_upload_failed
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_end_ask_tips
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_end_tips
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_follow_author
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_follow_host
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_fore_finish
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_gift_dialog_balance_part1
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_gift_dialog_balance_part2
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_gift_dialog_gift_send_failed
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_gift_dialog_gift_send_success
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_gift_dialog_gift_send_sybnotenough
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_gift_dialog_pay
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_gift_dialog_send
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_gift_dialog_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_gift_dialog_zsb_send_error
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_gift_dialog_zsb_send_success
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_gift_msg_zhb
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_gift_send
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_gift_unit
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_host_back
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_host_im_name
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_host_leave
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_join_live
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_member_first_send_heart
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_member_kick_dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_member_silence_dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_member_silence_im
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_member_silence_notify
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_members_tips
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_quite_live
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_report_dirty
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_report_false
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_report_illegal
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_report_tips
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_report_virus
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_report_yellow
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_setting_beauty_close
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_setting_beauty_open
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_setting_camera
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_setting_filter
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_setting_flash_close
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_setting_flash_open
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_setting_music
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_stop_error
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_syb_gottopay_dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_system_name
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_system_notify
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_time_tips
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_titile
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_tourist
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_tourist_login_dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int live_unknown
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int loading_ing
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int login
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int loginActivity_input_name
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int loginActivity_input_name_pwd
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int loginActivity_input_pwd
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int loginActivity_login
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int loginActivity_pwd_des
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int loginActivity_pwd_pwd
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int loginActivity_username_des
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int loginActivity_username_name
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int mores
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int msg_stop_push_error
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int msg_stop_watch
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int my_income
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int net_discnnect
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int networkerror_retry
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int no_login_error
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int no_more_data_and_click
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int not_qcloud_link
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int now_integration
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int open_camera_error
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int open_mic_erroe
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int other_login_ways
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int password_toggle_content_description
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int path_password_eye
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int path_password_eye_mask_strike_through
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int path_password_eye_mask_visible
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int path_password_strike_through
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_CD
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_CMCC
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_CNC
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_GZ
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_HZ
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_NJ
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_SH
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_SZ
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_TEL
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_TJ
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_cancel
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_ing
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_miss
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_no_server
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_progress
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_speed_test
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_start
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ping_time
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int private_mode_off
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int private_mode_on
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int problems
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ps
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ps_coin
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int ps_enable
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int publish_already_launch_avRoom
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int publish_create_room_failed
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int publish_need_photo_tips
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int publish_photo_album
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int publish_photo_make_sure_tips
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int publish_photo_make_sure_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int publish_photo_success
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int publish_photo_take
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int publish_upload_cover_failed
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int publish_upload_success
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int publish_wait_uploading
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int push_url_error
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int qinmidu
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int recorde_permission_error
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int register
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int rtmp_play_error
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int search_menu_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int send
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int set_live_animator
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int set_log_level
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int set_sdk_version
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int tell
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int tencent_tls_ui_independentLoginTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int tencent_tls_ui_independentRegisterTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_continue
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_add_title_tips
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_admire_limit
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_all_see
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_close_lbs
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_default_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_lbs_fail
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_lbs_unknown
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_location
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_not_record_scr
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_open_lbs
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_preview
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_record_no
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_record_scr
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_record_yes
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_share
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_live_title_input
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_photo_preview
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_photo_title_input
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_publish
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_record_info
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_start_push
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int text_start_screen_record
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int tip_force_offline
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int tip_no_permission
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int title_activity_login
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int title_activity_register
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int title_fance
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int title_follow
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int title_messege
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int title_search
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int today_gain
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int userinfo_cover
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int userinfo_head
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int userinfo_nickname
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int userinfo_sex
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int userinfo_sex_female
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int userinfo_sex_male
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int userinfo_sign
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int userinfo_title
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int video_list_empty
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int withdraw_recode
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int withdrawal
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int withdrawalInfo
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int zhanghu_dengji
com.qiandu.live.R$string: int zhanghu_yue
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int AndroidImageSlider_Attractive_Rect_Blue
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int AndroidImageSlider_Corner_Oval_Orange
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int AndroidImageSlider_Magnifier_Oval_Black
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Animation_Design_BottomSheetDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int AppTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V11_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_TabLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int BaseWhiteTransparentTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int BottomDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int InputDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int LoginTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int NoBackGroundDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int NormalDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int PlayerAnimation
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int PlayerTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RecordActivityTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RegisterTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int SplashTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info_Media
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2_Media
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Media
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time_Media
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title_Media
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_CollapsingToolbar_Expanded
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter_Overflow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Error
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Hint
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Snackbar_Message
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Tab
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_Design
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_Design_BottomSheetDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_BottomSheetDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_NoActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Theme_Design_NoActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionContainer
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionText
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomNavigationView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomSheet_Modal
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_Design_CollapsingToolbar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_Design_CoordinatorLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_Design_FloatingActionButton
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_Design_NavigationView
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_Design_ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_Design_Snackbar
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_Design_TabLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int Widget_Design_TextInputLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int custome_dialog_style
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int floag_dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int host_info_dlg
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int live_btn
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int live_dialog_style
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int live_item_progress_bar_style
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int loading_dialog
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int login_edittext_combin_style
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int login_edittext_combin_style1
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int login_psw_edittext_style
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int report_dlg
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int tencent_tls_ui_theme
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int tencent_tls_ui_titleFontStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$style: int tencent_tls_ui_transparent
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ActivityTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActivityTitle_backText
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActivityTitle_canBack
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActivityTitle_moreText
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ActivityTitle_titleText
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_android_background
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_expanded
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayoutStates
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsed
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsible
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout_Layout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollFlags
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollInterpolator
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] BottomNavigationView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemIconTint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_menu
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] BottomSheetBehavior_Layout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_hideable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_peekHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_skipCollapsed
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] CircleImageView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CircleImageView_border_color
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CircleImageView_border_width
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] CircleLoading
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CircleLoading_isdynamic
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CircleLoading_point_color
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleGravity
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_contentScrim
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleGravity
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMargin
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginBottom
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginStart
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginTop
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimAnimationDuration
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_statusBarScrim
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_title
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_titleEnabled
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_toolbarId
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseMode
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] DesignTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetDialogTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_textColorError
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTintMode
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_borderWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fabSize
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_pressedTranslationZ
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_rippleColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_useCompatPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout_behavior_autoHide
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ForegroundLinearLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foreground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foregroundGravity
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_foregroundInsidePadding
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] HeartLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int HeartLayout_animLength
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int HeartLayout_animLengthRand
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int HeartLayout_anim_duration
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int HeartLayout_bezierFactor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int HeartLayout_heart_height
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int HeartLayout_heart_width
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int HeartLayout_initX
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int HeartLayout_initY
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int HeartLayout_xPointFactor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int HeartLayout_xRand
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] LoadingImageView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_circleCrop
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatio
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] NavigationView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_background
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_fitsSystemWindows
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_maxWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int NavigationView_elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int NavigationView_headerLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemIconTint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int NavigationView_menu
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] PagerIndicator
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_padding_bottom
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_padding_left
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_padding_right
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_padding_top
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_color
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_drawable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_height
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_padding_bottom
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_padding_left
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_padding_right
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_padding_top
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_selected_width
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_shape
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_color
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_drawable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_height
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_padding_bottom
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_padding_left
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_padding_right
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_padding_top
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_unselected_width
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerIndicator_visibility
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] PagerSlidingTabStrip
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_isyaowen
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsDividerColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsDividerPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsIndicatorColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsIndicatorHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsScrollOffset
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsShouldExpand
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsTabBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsTabPaddingLeftRight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsTextAllCaps
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsUnderlineColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PagerSlidingTabStrip_pstsUnderlineHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] RecyclerView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_descendantFocusability
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_orientation
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_layoutManager
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_reverseLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_spanCount
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_stackFromEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] RoundedImageView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_android_scaleType
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_border_color
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_border_width
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_bottom_left
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_bottom_right
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_top_left
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_top_right
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_mutate_background
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_oval
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode_x
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode_y
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ScrimInsetsFrameLayout_insetForeground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout_behavior_overlapTop
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] SliderLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SliderLayout_auto_cycle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SliderLayout_indicator_visibility
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SliderLayout_pager_animation
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SliderLayout_pager_animation_span
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] SnackbarLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_android_maxWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_elevation
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_maxActionInlineWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] TCLineView
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TCLineView_canNav
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TCLineView_content
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TCLineView_isBottom
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TCLineView_isSwitch
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TCLineView_name
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] TabItem
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_icon
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_layout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_text
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] TabLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabBackground
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabContentStart
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabGravity
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMaxWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMinWidth
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMode
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPadding
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingBottom
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingStart
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingTop
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabSelectedTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] TextInputLayout
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_hint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_textColorHint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterEnabled
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterMaxLength
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterOverflowTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorEnabled
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintAnimationEnabled
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintEnabled
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleContentDescription
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleDrawable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleEnabled
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTintMode
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] Themes
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Themes_PagerIndicatorStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Themes_SliderStyle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] View
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int View_theme
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
com.qiandu.live.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
com.qiandu.live.activity.BaseActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.BaseActivity: BaseActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.BinderJiazuActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.BinderJiazuActivity: BinderJiazuActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.BinderJiazuActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.CaifuActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.CaifuActivity: CaifuActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.CaifuActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.ChenyuanActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.ChenyuanActivity: ChenyuanActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.ChenyuanActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.CoinExchangeActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.CoinExchangeActivity: CoinExchangeActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.CoinExchangeActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.DengjiActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.DengjiActivity: DengjiActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.DengjiActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.ForgetPswdActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.ForgetPswdActivity: ForgetPswdActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.ForgetPswdActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.FuwutiaokuanActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.FuwutiaokuanActivity: FuwutiaokuanActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.FuwutiaokuanActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.GuanzhuActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.GuanzhuActivity: GuanzhuActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.GuanzhuActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.IMBaseActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.IMBaseActivity: IMBaseActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.IMBaseActivity$ExitBroadcastRecevier
com.qiandu.live.activity.JiazuActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.JiazuActivity: JiazuActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.JiazuActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LianxiActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.LianxiActivity: LianxiActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.LianxiActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePlayerActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePlayerActivity: LivePlayerActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePlayerActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePlayerActivity$2: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePlayerActivity$3: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePlayerActivity$4: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePlayerActivity$7: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePlayerActivity$8: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePlayerActivity$9: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePublisherActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePublisherActivity: LivePublisherActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePublisherActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePublisherActivity$4: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePublisherActivity$5: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePublisherActivity$6: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePublisherActivity$7: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePublisherActivity$8: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LivePublisherActivity$9: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.LoginActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.LoginActivity: LoginActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.LoginActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.MainActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.MainActivity$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.MyFanilyActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.MyFanilyActivity: MyFanilyActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.MyFanilyActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.ProblemsActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.ProblemsActivity: ProblemsActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.ProblemsActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.PublishSettingActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.PublishSettingActivity: PublishSettingActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.PublishSettingActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.RegisterActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.RegisterActivity: RegisterActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.RegisterActivity$2: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.RegisterActivity$3: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.RegisterActivity$4: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.RibangActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.RibangActivity: RibangActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.RibangActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.ShehuigongyueActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.ShehuigongyueActivity: ShehuigongyueActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.ShehuigongyueActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.ShezhiActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.ShezhiActivity: ShezhiActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.ShezhiActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.ShouyiActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.ShouyiActivity: ShouyiActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.ShouyiActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.SplashActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.SplashActivity: SplashActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.UserActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.UserActivity: UserActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.UserActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.YingsitiaokuanActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.YingsitiaokuanActivity: YingsitiaokuanActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.YingsitiaokuanActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.activity.ZhuboRenzhenActivity
com.qiandu.live.activity.ZhuboRenzhenActivity: ZhuboRenzhenActivity()
com.qiandu.live.activity.ZhuboRenzhenActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.adapter.HomeHotAdapter: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.adapter.HomeLatestAdapter: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.adapter.UserAvatarListAdapter: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.adapter.WealthCoinAdapter$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.fragment.LiveMainFragment: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.fragment.RankingFragment_1: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.fragment.RankingFragment_2: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.fragment.RankingFragment_3: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.fragment.UserInfoFragment: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.fragment.UserInfoFragment$5: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.fragment.UserInfoFragment$6: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.fragment.UserInfoFragment$7: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.fragment.UserInfoFragment$8: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.logic.LocationMgr$1: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.logic.LocationMgr$2: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.presenter.GiftShowManager$4: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.presenter.LiveGiftPresenter$5: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.presenter.LiveGiftPresenter$6: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.presenter.PusherPresenter$2: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.presenter.PusherPresenter$3: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.presenter.PusherPresenter$4: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.presenter.PusherPresenter$5: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.service.LiveGiftServices
com.qiandu.live.service.LiveGiftServices: LiveGiftServices()
com.qiandu.live.service.ScreenRecordService
com.qiandu.live.service.ScreenRecordService: ScreenRecordService()
com.qiandu.live.service.ScreenRecordService$ExitBroadcastRecevier
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.BallSpinLoadingView: void setVisibility(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.BallSpinLoadingView$BallSpinFadeLoaderIndicator$AnimStatus: com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.BallSpinLoadingView$BallSpinFadeLoaderIndicator$AnimStatus[] values()
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.BallSpinLoadingView$BallSpinFadeLoaderIndicator$AnimStatus: com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.BallSpinLoadingView$BallSpinFadeLoaderIndicator$AnimStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.BeautyDialogFragment$2: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.BeautyDialogFragment$3: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.CameraPreview: void setCamera(android.hardware.Camera)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.CameraPreview: int getDisplayOrientation()
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.CustomSwitch
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.CustomSwitch: CustomSwitch(android.content.Context)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.CustomSwitch: CustomSwitch(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.CustomSwitch: CustomSwitch(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.CustomSwitch: boolean getChecked()
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.EndDetailFragment$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.ErrorDialogFragment$1: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.FilterDialogFragment$1$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.FloatingCameraView: android.hardware.Camera getFacingFrontCamera()
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.FloatingView: void setPopupWindow(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.FloatingView: android.view.View getPopupView()
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.FloatingView: void setOnPopupItemClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.HeartLayout
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.HeartLayout: HeartLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.HeartView: void setDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.BitmapDrawable)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.HeartView: void setColor(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.HorizontalPickerView
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.HorizontalPickerView: HorizontalPickerView(android.content.Context)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.HorizontalPickerView: HorizontalPickerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.HorizontalPickerView: HorizontalPickerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.HorizontalPickerView: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.HorizontalPickerView: void setClicked(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.InputLeaveMsgDialog$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.InputLeaveMsgDialog$3: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.InputLeaveMsgDialog$5: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.InputLeaveMsgDialog$7: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.InputTextMsgDialog$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.InputTextMsgDialog$2: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.InputTextMsgDialog$3: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.InputTextMsgDialog$5: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.InputTextMsgDialog$7: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.InputTextMsgDialog$9: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.LineControllerView: void setContent(java.lang.String)
com.qiandu.live.ui.customviews.LineControllerView: java.lang.String getContent()
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.CustomDialog$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.CustomDialog$2: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.CustomGridView
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.CustomGridView: CustomGridView(android.content.Context)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.CustomGridView: CustomGridView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.CustomGridView: CustomGridView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.IndicatorView
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.IndicatorView: IndicatorView(android.content.Context)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.IndicatorView: IndicatorView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.IndicatorView: IndicatorView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.IndicatorView: void setViewPager(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.IndicatorView: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftItemView
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftItemView: LiveGiftItemView(android.content.Context)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftItemView: LiveGiftItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftItemView: LiveGiftItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftItemView: void setGiftViewClickListener(com.qiandu.live.adapter.LiveGiftAdapter$GiftViewClickListener)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftItemView: void setData(com.qiandu.live.model.GiftInfo)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftItemView: com.qiandu.live.model.GiftInfo getGiftInfo()
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftItemView: void setViewsVisibility(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftItemView: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftView
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftView: LiveGiftView(android.content.Context)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftView: LiveGiftView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftView: LiveGiftView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftView: void setCoinCount(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftView: void setGiftPagerList(java.util.ArrayList)
com.qiandu.live.ui.gift.LiveGiftView: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.listload.ProgressBarHelper$1$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.listload.ProgressBarHelper$2$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.BaseIndicatorController$AnimStatus: com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.BaseIndicatorController$AnimStatus[] values()
com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.BaseIndicatorController$AnimStatus: com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.BaseIndicatorController$AnimStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.CircleImageView: android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType getScaleType()
com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.CircleImageView: void setScaleType(android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType)
com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.CircleImageView: int getBorderColor()
com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.CircleImageView: void setBorderColor(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.CircleImageView: int getBorderWidth()
com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.CircleImageView: void setBorderWidth(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.CircleImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.CircleImageView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.CircleImageView: void setImageResource(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.loading.CircleLoadingNew: void setVisibility(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setOnTextViewclick(com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip$OnTextViewclick)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: PagerSlidingTabStrip(android.content.Context)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: PagerSlidingTabStrip(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: PagerSlidingTabStrip(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setViewPager(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setIndicatorColor(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setIndicatorColorResource(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: int getIndicatorColor()
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setIndicatorHeight(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: int getIndicatorHeight()
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setUnderlineColor(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setLayoutUnderLineColor(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setUnderlineColorResource(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: int getUnderlineColor()
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setDividerColor(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setDividerColorResource(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: int getDividerColor()
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setUnderlineHeight(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: int getUnderlineHeight()
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setDividerPadding(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: int getDividerPadding()
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setScrollOffset(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: int getScrollOffset()
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setShouldExpand(boolean)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: boolean getShouldExpand()
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setTextSize(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: int getTextSize()
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setTextColor(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setTextColorResource(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: int getTextSelectedColor()
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setTextSelectedColor(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setTextSelectedColorResource(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setTextSelectedSize(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: int getTextColor()
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setTabBackground(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: int getTabBackground()
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: void setTabPaddingLeftRight(int)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip: int getTabPaddingLeftRight()
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip$2: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip$SavedState
com.qiandu.live.ui.pagersliding.PagerSlidingTabStrip$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.qiandu.live.utils.CustomDialog$1: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.utils.CustomDialog$2: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.qiandu.live.utils.OtherUtils$3: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.utils.OtherUtils$4: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.utils.OtherUtils$5: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.qiandu.live.utils.OtherUtils$6: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
com.squareup.picasso.MediaStoreRequestHandler$PicassoKind: com.squareup.picasso.MediaStoreRequestHandler$PicassoKind[] values()
com.squareup.picasso.MediaStoreRequestHandler$PicassoKind: com.squareup.picasso.MediaStoreRequestHandler$PicassoKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.squareup.picasso.MemoryPolicy: com.squareup.picasso.MemoryPolicy[] values()
com.squareup.picasso.MemoryPolicy: com.squareup.picasso.MemoryPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.squareup.picasso.NetworkPolicy: com.squareup.picasso.NetworkPolicy[] values()
com.squareup.picasso.NetworkPolicy: com.squareup.picasso.NetworkPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.squareup.picasso.Picasso$LoadedFrom: com.squareup.picasso.Picasso$LoadedFrom[] values()
com.squareup.picasso.Picasso$LoadedFrom: com.squareup.picasso.Picasso$LoadedFrom valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.squareup.picasso.Picasso$Priority: com.squareup.picasso.Picasso$Priority[] values()
com.squareup.picasso.Picasso$Priority: com.squareup.picasso.Picasso$Priority valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.IMCoreQrEventType: com.tencent.IMCoreQrEventType[] values()
com.tencent.IMCoreQrEventType: com.tencent.IMCoreQrEventType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMBaseApplication
com.tencent.TIMConversationType: com.tencent.TIMConversationType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMConversationType: com.tencent.TIMConversationType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMDelFriendType: com.tencent.TIMDelFriendType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMDelFriendType: com.tencent.TIMDelFriendType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMElemType: com.tencent.TIMElemType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMElemType: com.tencent.TIMElemType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMFriendAllowType: com.tencent.TIMFriendAllowType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMFriendAllowType: com.tencent.TIMFriendAllowType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMFriendGenderType: com.tencent.TIMFriendGenderType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMFriendGenderType: com.tencent.TIMFriendGenderType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMFriendRelationType: com.tencent.TIMFriendRelationType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMFriendRelationType: com.tencent.TIMFriendRelationType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMFriendResponseType: com.tencent.TIMFriendResponseType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMFriendResponseType: com.tencent.TIMFriendResponseType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMFriendStatus: com.tencent.TIMFriendStatus[] values()
com.tencent.TIMFriendStatus: com.tencent.TIMFriendStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMFriendshipProxyStatus: com.tencent.TIMFriendshipProxyStatus[] values()
com.tencent.TIMFriendshipProxyStatus: com.tencent.TIMFriendshipProxyStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMFutureFriendType: com.tencent.TIMFutureFriendType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMFutureFriendType: com.tencent.TIMFutureFriendType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMGetGroupMemInfoFlag: com.tencent.TIMGetGroupMemInfoFlag[] values()
com.tencent.TIMGetGroupMemInfoFlag: com.tencent.TIMGetGroupMemInfoFlag valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMGroupAddOpt: com.tencent.TIMGroupAddOpt[] values()
com.tencent.TIMGroupAddOpt: com.tencent.TIMGroupAddOpt valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMGroupMemberRoleFilter: com.tencent.TIMGroupMemberRoleFilter[] values()
com.tencent.TIMGroupMemberRoleFilter: com.tencent.TIMGroupMemberRoleFilter valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMGroupMemberRoleType: com.tencent.TIMGroupMemberRoleType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMGroupMemberRoleType: com.tencent.TIMGroupMemberRoleType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMGroupPendencyGetType: com.tencent.TIMGroupPendencyGetType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMGroupPendencyGetType: com.tencent.TIMGroupPendencyGetType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMGroupPendencyHandledStatus: com.tencent.TIMGroupPendencyHandledStatus[] values()
com.tencent.TIMGroupPendencyHandledStatus: com.tencent.TIMGroupPendencyHandledStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMGroupPendencyOperationType: com.tencent.TIMGroupPendencyOperationType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMGroupPendencyOperationType: com.tencent.TIMGroupPendencyOperationType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMGroupReceiveMessageOpt: com.tencent.TIMGroupReceiveMessageOpt[] values()
com.tencent.TIMGroupReceiveMessageOpt: com.tencent.TIMGroupReceiveMessageOpt valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMGroupSystemElemType: com.tencent.TIMGroupSystemElemType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMGroupSystemElemType: com.tencent.TIMGroupSystemElemType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMGroupTipsGroupInfoType: com.tencent.TIMGroupTipsGroupInfoType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMGroupTipsGroupInfoType: com.tencent.TIMGroupTipsGroupInfoType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMGroupTipsType: com.tencent.TIMGroupTipsType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMGroupTipsType: com.tencent.TIMGroupTipsType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMImageType: com.tencent.TIMImageType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMImageType: com.tencent.TIMImageType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMLogLevel: com.tencent.TIMLogLevel[] values()
com.tencent.TIMLogLevel: com.tencent.TIMLogLevel valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMMessagePriority: com.tencent.TIMMessagePriority[] values()
com.tencent.TIMMessagePriority: com.tencent.TIMMessagePriority valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMMessageStatus: com.tencent.TIMMessageStatus[] values()
com.tencent.TIMMessageStatus: com.tencent.TIMMessageStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMNetworkStatus: com.tencent.TIMNetworkStatus[] values()
com.tencent.TIMNetworkStatus: com.tencent.TIMNetworkStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMPageDirectionType: com.tencent.TIMPageDirectionType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMPageDirectionType: com.tencent.TIMPageDirectionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMPendencyGetType: com.tencent.TIMPendencyGetType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMPendencyGetType: com.tencent.TIMPendencyGetType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMProfileSystemType: com.tencent.TIMProfileSystemType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMProfileSystemType: com.tencent.TIMProfileSystemType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.TIMSNSSystemType: com.tencent.TIMSNSSystemType[] values()
com.tencent.TIMSNSSystemType: com.tencent.TIMSNSSystemType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.av.Message.AvMsg$Type: com.tencent.av.Message.AvMsg$Type[] values()
com.tencent.av.Message.AvMsg$Type: com.tencent.av.Message.AvMsg$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.av.ServerInfo$IDC: com.tencent.av.ServerInfo$IDC[] values()
com.tencent.av.ServerInfo$IDC: com.tencent.av.ServerInfo$IDC valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.av.ServerInfo$ServerType: com.tencent.av.ServerInfo$ServerType[] values()
com.tencent.av.ServerInfo$ServerType: com.tencent.av.ServerInfo$ServerType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$RateType: com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$RateType[] values()
com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$RateType: com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$RateType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$RecordType: com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$RecordType[] values()
com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$RecordType: com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$RecordType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$SDKType: com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$SDKType[] values()
com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$SDKType: com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$SDKType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$StreamEncode: com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$StreamEncode[] values()
com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$StreamEncode: com.tencent.av.TIMAvManager$StreamEncode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_MsgVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_MsgVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MsgVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MsgVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MsgVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean MsgVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MsgVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MsgVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MsgVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MsgVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_MsgVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_StrVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_StrVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long StrVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long StrVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void StrVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean StrVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void StrVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void StrVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String StrVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void StrVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_StrVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_BytesVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_BytesVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean BytesVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] BytesVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,int,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_BytesVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupBaseInfoVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupBaseInfoVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupBaseInfoVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupBaseInfoVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupBaseInfoVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfoVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupBaseInfoVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupBaseInfoVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupBaseInfoVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfoVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupBaseInfoVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfoVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupBaseInfoVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfoVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupBaseInfoVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupDetailInfoVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupDetailInfoVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfoVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfoVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfoVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfoVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupDetailInfoVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfoVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfoVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfoVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfoVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfoVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfoVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfoVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupDetailInfoVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupMemberResultVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupMemberResultVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupMemberResultVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberResultVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupMemberResultVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberResultVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupMemberResultVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberResultVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupMemberResultVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberResultVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupMemberResultVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberResultVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupMemberResultVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberResultVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberResult)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupMemberResultVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberResultVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupMemberResultVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberResultVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberResult)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupMemberResultVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupMemberInfoVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupMemberInfoVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupMemberInfoVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupMemberInfoVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupMemberInfoVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupMemberInfoVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupMemberInfoVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupMemberInfoVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupMemberInfoVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupMemberInfoVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupMemberInfoVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendProfileVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendProfileVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendProfileVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendProfileVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfileVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendProfileVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfileVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfileVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendProfileVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfileVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendProfileVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendChangeInfoVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendChangeInfoVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendChangeInfoVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendChangeInfoVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeInfoVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeInfoVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendChangeInfoVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeInfoVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeInfoVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeInfoVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendChangeInfoVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeInfoVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeInfoVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeInfoVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendChangeInfoVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_SNSProfileItemVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_SNSProfileItemVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long SNSProfileItemVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long SNSProfileItemVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SNSProfileItemVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItemVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean SNSProfileItemVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SNSProfileItemVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SNSProfileItemVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItemVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long SNSProfileItemVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItemVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SNSProfileItemVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItemVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_SNSProfileItemVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendPendencyItemVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendPendencyItemVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendPendencyItemVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendPendencyItemVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyItemVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItemVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendPendencyItemVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyItemVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyItemVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItemVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendPendencyItemVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItemVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyItemVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItemVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendPendencyItemVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendFutureItemVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendFutureItemVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendFutureItemVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendFutureItemVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendFutureItemVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItemVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendFutureItemVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendFutureItemVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendFutureItemVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItemVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendFutureItemVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItemVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendFutureItemVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItemVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendFutureItemVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendGroupVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendGroupVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendGroupVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendGroupVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendGroupVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendGroupVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendGroupVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendGroupVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroup)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendGroupVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendGroupVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroup)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendGroupVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_BytesMap__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_BytesMap__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesMap_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean BytesMap_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesMap_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] BytesMap_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesMap_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap,byte[],byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesMap_del(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean BytesMap_hasKey(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_BytesMap(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_NewGroupMemVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_NewGroupMemVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long NewGroupMemVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long NewGroupMemVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupMemVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean NewGroupMemVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupMemVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupMemVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long NewGroupMemVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupMemVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_NewGroupMemVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_BytesProfileMap__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_BytesProfileMap__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesProfileMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesProfileMap_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesProfileMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean BytesProfileMap_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesProfileMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesProfileMap_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesProfileMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesProfileMap_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesProfileMap,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesProfileMap_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesProfileMap,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesProfileMap_del(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesProfileMap,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean BytesProfileMap_hasKey(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesProfileMap,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_BytesProfileMap(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_BytesMemberInfoMap__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_BytesMemberInfoMap__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMemberInfoMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesMemberInfoMap_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMemberInfoMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean BytesMemberInfoMap_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMemberInfoMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesMemberInfoMap_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMemberInfoMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesMemberInfoMap_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMemberInfoMap,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesMemberInfoMap_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMemberInfoMap,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesMemberInfoMap_del(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMemberInfoMap,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean BytesMemberInfoMap_hasKey(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMemberInfoMap,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_BytesMemberInfoMap(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupPendencyItemVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupPendencyItemVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupPendencyItemVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupPendencyItemVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItemVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItemVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupPendencyItemVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItemVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItemVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItemVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupPendencyItemVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItemVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItemVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItemVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupPendencyItemVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_AddFriendReqVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_AddFriendReqVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long AddFriendReqVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReqVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long AddFriendReqVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReqVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void AddFriendReqVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReqVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean AddFriendReqVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReqVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void AddFriendReqVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReqVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void AddFriendReqVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReqVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReq)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long AddFriendReqVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReqVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void AddFriendReqVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReqVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReq)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_AddFriendReqVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_ErrInfoVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_ErrInfoVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ErrInfoVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.ErrInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ErrInfoVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.ErrInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ErrInfoVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.ErrInfoVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean ErrInfoVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.ErrInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ErrInfoVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.ErrInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ErrInfoVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.ErrInfoVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo$ErrInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ErrInfoVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ErrInfoVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ErrInfoVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ErrInfoVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo$ErrInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_ErrInfoVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupCacheInfoVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupCacheInfoVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupCacheInfoVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupCacheInfoVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupCacheInfoVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfoVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupCacheInfoVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupCacheInfoVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupCacheInfoVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfoVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupCacheInfoVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfoVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupCacheInfoVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfoVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupCacheInfoVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_SessionUUIDVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_SessionUUIDVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long SessionUUIDVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUIDVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long SessionUUIDVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUIDVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SessionUUIDVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUIDVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean SessionUUIDVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUIDVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SessionUUIDVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUIDVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SessionUUIDVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUIDVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUID)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long SessionUUIDVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUIDVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SessionUUIDVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUIDVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUID)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_SessionUUIDVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_ElemVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_ElemVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ElemVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.ElemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ElemVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.ElemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ElemVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.ElemVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean ElemVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.ElemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ElemVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.ElemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ElemVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.ElemVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ElemVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ElemVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ElemVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ElemVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_ElemVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_MsgReceiptVec__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_MsgReceiptVec__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MsgReceiptVec_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceiptVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MsgReceiptVec_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceiptVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MsgReceiptVec_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceiptVec,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean MsgReceiptVec_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceiptVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MsgReceiptVec_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceiptVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MsgReceiptVec_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceiptVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceipt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MsgReceiptVec_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceiptVec,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MsgReceiptVec_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceiptVec,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceipt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_MsgReceiptVec(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_PairSession__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_PairSession__SWIG_1(byte[],int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_PairSession__SWIG_2(long,com.tencent.imcore.PairSession)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void PairSession_first_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.PairSession,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] PairSession_first_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.PairSession)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void PairSession_second_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.PairSession,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int PairSession_second_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.PairSession)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_PairSession(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_PairVectorSession__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_PairVectorSession__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long PairVectorSession_size(long,com.tencent.imcore.PairVectorSession)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long PairVectorSession_capacity(long,com.tencent.imcore.PairVectorSession)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void PairVectorSession_reserve(long,com.tencent.imcore.PairVectorSession,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean PairVectorSession_empty(long,com.tencent.imcore.PairVectorSession)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void PairVectorSession_clear(long,com.tencent.imcore.PairVectorSession)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void PairVectorSession_pushBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.PairVectorSession,long,com.tencent.imcore.PairSession)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long PairVectorSession_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.PairVectorSession,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void PairVectorSession_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.PairVectorSession,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.PairSession)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_PairVectorSession(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kNull_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kPost_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kOff_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventInit_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventLogin_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventSendMsg_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventUploadPic_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventRecvPic_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventUploadAudio_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventRecvAudio_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventUploadVideo_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventRecvVideo_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventJoinGroup_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventCreateGroup_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventJoinDiscuss_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventCreateDiscuss_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventUinToTiny_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventTinyToUin_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventUploadFile_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kEventRecvFile_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UploadLogFileOpt_filePath_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String UploadLogFileOpt_filePath_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UploadLogFileOpt_tag_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String UploadLogFileOpt_tag_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UploadLogFileOpt_logId_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] UploadLogFileOpt_logId_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UploadLogFileOpt_logSize_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long UploadLogFileOpt_logSize_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UploadLogFileOpt_relativePath_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] UploadLogFileOpt_relativePath_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_UploadLogFileOpt()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String UploadLogFileOpt_toString(long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_UploadLogFileOpt(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Context_platform_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Context,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Context_platform_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Context)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Context_bid_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Context,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Context_bid_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Context)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Context_svr_time_diff_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Context,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Context_svr_time_diff_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Context)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Context_logPath_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Context,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String Context_logPath_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Context)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Context_picCachePath_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Context,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String Context_picCachePath_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Context)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Context_isLogPrintEnabled_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Context,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Context_isLogPrintEnabled_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Context)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_Context()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_Context(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IInit(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IInit_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IInit)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IInit_doneSwigExplicitIInit(long,com.tencent.imcore.IInit)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IInit_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IInit,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IInit_failSwigExplicitIInit(long,com.tencent.imcore.IInit,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IInit()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IInit_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IInit,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IInit_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IInit,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_INotify(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_onMsgEvent(long,com.tencent.imcore.INotify,long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_onMsgEventSwigExplicitINotify(long,com.tencent.imcore.INotify,long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_onMsgUpdate(long,com.tencent.imcore.INotify,long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_onMsgUpdateSwigExplicitINotify(long,com.tencent.imcore.INotify,long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_onUploadProgress(long,com.tencent.imcore.INotify,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,int,int,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_onUploadProgressSwigExplicitINotify(long,com.tencent.imcore.INotify,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,int,int,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_onRefresh(long,com.tencent.imcore.INotify)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_onRefreshSwigExplicitINotify(long,com.tencent.imcore.INotify)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_onRefreshConversation(long,com.tencent.imcore.INotify,long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUIDVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_onRefreshConversationSwigExplicitINotify(long,com.tencent.imcore.INotify,long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUIDVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_onRecvMsgReceipt(long,com.tencent.imcore.INotify,long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceiptVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_onRecvMsgReceiptSwigExplicitINotify(long,com.tencent.imcore.INotify,long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceiptVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_INotify()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.INotify,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void INotify_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.INotify,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_ThreadEntry(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ThreadEntry_run(long,com.tencent.imcore.ThreadEntry)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ThreadEntry_release(long,com.tencent.imcore.ThreadEntry)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_RunClosure(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void RunClosure_run(long,com.tencent.imcore.RunClosure)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void RunClosure_release(long,com.tencent.imcore.RunClosure)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_EnvRequestClosure(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void EnvRequestClosure_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.EnvRequestClosure,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void EnvRequestClosure_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.EnvRequestClosure,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void EnvRequestClosure_release(long,com.tencent.imcore.EnvRequestClosure)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_ILogMsgCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ILogMsgCallback_onLogMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.ILogMsgCallback,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ILogMsgCallback_onLogMsgSwigExplicitILogMsgCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.ILogMsgCallback,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_ILogMsgCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ILogMsgCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.ILogMsgCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ILogMsgCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.ILogMsgCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IEnv(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IEnv_httpRequest(long,com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.EnvRequestClosure)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IEnv_httpRequestSwigExplicitIEnv(long,com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.EnvRequestClosure)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IEnv_sSORequest__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.EnvRequestClosure,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IEnv_sSORequestSwigExplicitIEnv__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.EnvRequestClosure,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IEnv_sSORequest__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.EnvRequestClosure)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IEnv_sSORequestSwigExplicitIEnv__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.EnvRequestClosure)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IEnv_createThread(long,com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,long,com.tencent.imcore.ThreadEntry)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IEnv_createThreadSwigExplicitIEnv(long,com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,long,com.tencent.imcore.ThreadEntry)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IEnv_runOnMainThread(long,com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,long,com.tencent.imcore.RunClosure)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IEnv_runOnMainThreadSwigExplicitIEnv(long,com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,long,com.tencent.imcore.RunClosure)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IEnv_uploadLogFile(long,com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IEnv_uploadLogFileSwigExplicitIEnv(long,com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IEnv()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IEnv_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IEnv_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCore_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCore_getTime(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String IMCore_getVersion(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IMCore_initOpenIM(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IEnv,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCore_qrReportEvent(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,int,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCore_setContext(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,long,com.tencent.imcore.Context)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCore_getContext(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCore_clearLog__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,java.lang.String,long,java.lang.String,long,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCore_clearLog__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,java.lang.String,long,java.lang.String,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCore_clearLog__SWIG_2(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,java.lang.String,long,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCore_clearLog__SWIG_3(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,java.lang.String,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCore_lOGGERINIT(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,long,com.tencent.imcore.ILogMsgCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCore_lOGGERSETLOGCBLEVEL(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCore_lOGGERLOG(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,int,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IMCore_uploadLogFile(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.UploadLogFileOpt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int IMCore_initUser(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig,long,com.tencent.imcore.IInit)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int IMCore_unInitUser(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCore_getUser(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCore_addIgnoreStoreSession(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCore,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String PROFILE_CUSTOM_TAG_PREFIX_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String PROFILE_NICK_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String PROFILE_ALLOWTYPE_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String PROFILE_FACEURL_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String PROFILE_SELFSIGNATURE_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String PROFILE_GENDER_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String PROFILE_BIRTHDAY_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String PROFILE_LOCATION_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String PROFILE_LANGUAGE_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String SNS_CUSTOM_TAG_PREFIX_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String SNS_REMARK_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String SNS_PENDENCY_ADD_SOURCE_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String SNS_PENDENCY_ADD_WORDING_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String SNS_GROUP_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String SNS_RECOMMEND_1_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String SNS_RECOMMEND_2_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String SNS_RECOMMEND_3_TAG_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGenderUnkonw_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGenderMale_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGenderFemale_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kProfileFlagNone_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kProfileFlagNick_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kProfileFlagAllowType_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kProfileFlagFaceUrl_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kProfileFlagRemark_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kProfileFlagGroup_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kProfileFlagSelfSignature_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kProfileFlagGender_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kProfileFlagBirthday_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kProfileFlagLocation_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kProfileFlagLanguage_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_SetProfileOption()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SetProfileOption_flag_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long SetProfileOption_flag_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SetProfileOption_nick_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] SetProfileOption_nick_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SetProfileOption_add_option_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String SetProfileOption_add_option_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SetProfileOption_face_url_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] SetProfileOption_face_url_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SetProfileOption_self_signature_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] SetProfileOption_self_signature_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SetProfileOption_location_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] SetProfileOption_location_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SetProfileOption_birthday_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long SetProfileOption_birthday_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SetProfileOption_language_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long SetProfileOption_language_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SetProfileOption_gender_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int SetProfileOption_gender_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SetProfileOption_custom_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long SetProfileOption_custom_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_SetProfileOption(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendProfile()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_sIdentifier_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String FriendProfile_sIdentifier_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_sNickname_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendProfile_sNickname_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_sAllowType_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String FriendProfile_sAllowType_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_sFaceURL_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendProfile_sFaceURL_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_sGroupNames_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendProfile_sGroupNames_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_sSelfSignature_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendProfile_sSelfSignature_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_sLocation_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendProfile_sLocation_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_uLanguage_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendProfile_uLanguage_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_uBirthDay_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendProfile_uBirthDay_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_eGender_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FriendProfile_eGender_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_sRemark_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendProfile_sRemark_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_sAddWording_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendProfile_sAddWording_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_sAddSource_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendProfile_sAddSource_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_sResponseAction_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String FriendProfile_sResponseAction_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_result_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendProfile_result_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_ddwTinyId_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendProfile_ddwTinyId_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_custom_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendProfile_custom_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfile_set_flags_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendProfile_set_flags_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendProfile(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String friendGender2str(int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int str2FriendGender(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_NewGroupMemberInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupMemberInfo_identifier_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String NewGroupMemberInfo_identifier_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupMemberInfo_member_role_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int NewGroupMemberInfo_member_role_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupMemberInfo_msg_flag_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int NewGroupMemberInfo_msg_flag_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupMemberInfo_name_card_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] NewGroupMemberInfo_name_card_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupMemberInfo_custom_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long NewGroupMemberInfo_custom_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_NewGroupMemberInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String IMCORE_VERSION_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int MAX_CACHE_MSG_NUM_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kSending_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kSendSucc_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kSendFail_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kHasDeleted_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kLocalImported_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int MsgPriorityHigh_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int MsgPriorityNormal_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int MsgPriorityLow_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int MsgPriorityLowest_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_SUCC_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_PARSE_RESPONSE_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_SERIALIZE_REQ_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_NO_SUCC_RESULT_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_INVALID_CONVERSATION_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_LOADMSG_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_FILE_TRANS_AUTH_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_FILE_TRANS_NO_SERVER_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_FILE_TRANS_UPLOAD_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_FILE_TRANS_DOWNLOAD_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_HTTP_REQ_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_TO_USER_INVALID_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_REQUEST_TIMEOUT_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_SDK_NOT_INITIALIZED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_SDK_NOT_LOGGED_IN_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_IN_PROGESS_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_INVALID_MSG_ELEM_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_INVALID_PARAMETERS_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_INIT_CORE_FAIL_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_DATABASE_OPERATE_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_EXPIRED_SESSION_NODE_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_INVALID_SDK_OBJECT_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_IO_OPERATION_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_LOGGED_OUT_BEFORE_LOGIN_FINISHED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_TLSSDK_NOT_INITIALIZED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_TLSSDK_USER_NOT_FOUND_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_BIND_FAIL_UNKNOWN_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_BIND_FAIL_NO_SSOTICKET_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_BIND_FAIL_REPEATD_BIND_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_BIND_FAIL_TINYID_NULL_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_BIND_FAIL_GUID_NULL_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_BIND_FAIL_UNPACK_REGPACK_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_BIND_FAIL_REG_TIMEOUT_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_BIND_FAIL_ISBINDING_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_PACKET_FAIL_UNKNOWN_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_PACKET_FAIL_REQ_NO_NET_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_PACKET_FAIL_RESP_NO_NET_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_PACKET_FAIL_REQ_NO_AUTH_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_PACKET_FAIL_SSO_ERR_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_PACKET_FAIL_REQ_TIMEOUT_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_PACKET_FAIL_RESP_TIMEOUT_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_PACKET_FAIL_REQ_ON_RESEND_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_PACKET_FAIL_RESP_NO_RESEND_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_PACKET_FAIL_FLOW_SAVE_FILTERED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_PACKET_FAIL_REQ_OVER_LOAD_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_PACKET_FAIL_LOGIC_ERR_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_FRIENDSHIP_PROXY_NOT_SYNCED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_FRIENDSHIP_PROXY_SYNCING_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_FRIENDSHIP_PROXY_SYNCED_FAIL_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_FRIENDSHIP_PROXY_LOCAL_CHECK_ERR_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_GROUP_INVALID_FIELD_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_GROUP_STORAGE_DISABLED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_LOADGRPINFO_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_REQ_NO_NET_ON_REQ_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_REQ_NO_NET_ON_RSP_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_SERIVCE_NOT_READY_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_USER_SIG_EXPIRED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_LOGIN_AUTH_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_LOGIN_KICKED_OFF_BY_OTHER_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_NEVER_CONNECT_AFTER_LAUNCH_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_REQ_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_REQ_INVALID_REQ_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_REQ_OVERLOADED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_REQ_KICK_OFF_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_REQ_SERVICE_SUSPEND_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_REQ_INVALID_SIGN_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_REQ_INVALID_COOKIE_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_LOGIN_TLS_RSP_PARSE_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_LOGIN_OPENMSG_TIMEOUT_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_LOGIN_OPENMSG_RSP_PARSE_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_LOGIN_TLS_DECRYPT_FAILED_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_REQ_CONTENT_ATTACK_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_LOGIN_SIG_EXPIRE_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ERR_OPENBDH_BASE_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kPicFile_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kInvalid_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kC2CNotify_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kAllGroupNotify_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kAllNotify_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kNotSet_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kClose_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kOpen_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_fileid_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String ImageElem_fileid_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_pic_height_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ImageElem_pic_height_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_pic_width_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ImageElem_pic_width_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_pic_size_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ImageElem_pic_size_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_pic_thumb_height_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ImageElem_pic_thumb_height_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_pic_thumb_width_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ImageElem_pic_thumb_width_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_pic_thumb_size_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ImageElem_pic_thumb_size_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_pic_large_height_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ImageElem_pic_large_height_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_pic_large_width_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ImageElem_pic_large_width_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_pic_large_size_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ImageElem_pic_large_size_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_orig_url_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String ImageElem_orig_url_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_thumb_url_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String ImageElem_thumb_url_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_large_url_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String ImageElem_large_url_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_taskid_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ImageElem_taskid_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_level_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ImageElem_level_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ImageElem_format_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ImageElem_format_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_ImageElem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_ImageElem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SoundElem_fileid_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SoundElem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String SoundElem_fileid_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SoundElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SoundElem_file_size_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SoundElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int SoundElem_file_size_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SoundElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SoundElem_file_time_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SoundElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int SoundElem_file_time_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SoundElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SoundElem_taskid_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SoundElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int SoundElem_taskid_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SoundElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SoundElem_file_path_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SoundElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] SoundElem_file_path_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SoundElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_SoundElem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_SoundElem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FileElem_fileid_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileElem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String FileElem_fileid_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FileElem_file_name_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FileElem_file_name_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FileElem_file_size_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FileElem_file_size_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FileElem_taskid_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FileElem_taskid_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FileElem_file_path_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FileElem_file_path_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FileElem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FileElem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void CustomElem_data_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.CustomElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] CustomElem_data_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.CustomElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void CustomElem_desc_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.CustomElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] CustomElem_desc_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.CustomElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void CustomElem_ext_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.CustomElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] CustomElem_ext_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.CustomElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void CustomElem_sound_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.CustomElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] CustomElem_sound_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.CustomElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_CustomElem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_CustomElem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void TextElem_content_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.TextElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] TextElem_content_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.TextElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_TextElem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_TextElem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void LocationElem_desc_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.LocationElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] LocationElem_desc_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.LocationElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void LocationElem_longitude_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.LocationElem,double)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: double LocationElem_longitude_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.LocationElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void LocationElem_latitude_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.LocationElem,double)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: double LocationElem_latitude_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.LocationElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_LocationElem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_LocationElem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_MemberInfo_identifier_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupTipsElem_MemberInfo_identifier_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_MemberInfo_shutup_time_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_MemberInfo_shutup_time_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupTipsElem_MemberInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupTipsElem_MemberInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int IMCORE_GROUP_INFO_CHAGE_TYPE_GROUP_NAME_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int IMCORE_GROUP_INFO_CHAGE_TYPE_INTRODUCTION_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int IMCORE_GROUP_INFO_CHAGE_TYPE_NOTIFACTION_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int IMCORE_GROUP_INFO_CHAGE_TYPE_FACE_URL_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int IMCORE_GROUP_INFO_CHAGE_TYPE_OWNER_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_GroupInfo_type_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfo,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int GroupTipsElem_GroupInfo_type_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_GroupInfo_value_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupTipsElem_GroupInfo_value_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupTipsElem_GroupInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupTipsElem_GroupInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_type_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int GroupTipsElem_type_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_op_user_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupTipsElem_op_user_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_group_name_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupTipsElem_group_name_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_group_id_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupTipsElem_group_id_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_time_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_time_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_user_list_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_user_list_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_group_change_list_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_group_change_list_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_member_change_list_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_MemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_member_change_list_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_op_user_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_op_user_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_op_group_member_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_op_group_member_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_changed_user_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_changed_user_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_changed_group_member_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_changed_group_member_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_member_num_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupTipsElem_member_num_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupTipsElem_platform_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupTipsElem_platform_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupTipsElem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupTipsElem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FaceElem_index_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FaceElem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FaceElem_index_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FaceElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FaceElem_buf_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FaceElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FaceElem_buf_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FaceElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FaceElem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FaceElem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupReportElem_type_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupReportElem_type_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupReportElem_group_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupReportElem_group_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupReportElem_group_name_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupReportElem_group_name_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupReportElem_operator_user_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupReportElem_operator_user_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupReportElem_msg_key_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupReportElem_msg_key_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupReportElem_authentication_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupReportElem_authentication_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupReportElem_msg_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupReportElem_msg_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupReportElem_user_data_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupReportElem_user_data_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupReportElem_operator_user_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupReportElem_operator_user_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupReportElem_operator_group_member_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem,long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupReportElem_operator_group_member_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupReportElem_platform_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupReportElem_platform_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupReportElem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupReportElem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ProfileChangeElem_type_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ProfileChangeElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ProfileChangeElem_type_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ProfileChangeElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ProfileChangeElem_from_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ProfileChangeElem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String ProfileChangeElem_from_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ProfileChangeElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ProfileChangeElem_nick_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ProfileChangeElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] ProfileChangeElem_nick_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ProfileChangeElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_ProfileChangeElem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_ProfileChangeElem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeUserInfo_identifier_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String FriendChangeUserInfo_identifier_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeUserInfo_nick_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendChangeUserInfo_nick_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeUserInfo_add_wording_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendChangeUserInfo_add_wording_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeUserInfo_add_source_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendChangeUserInfo_add_source_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeUserInfo_remark_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendChangeUserInfo_remark_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeUserInfo_group_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendChangeUserInfo_group_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeUserInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendChangeUserInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendChangeUserInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeElem_type_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendChangeElem_type_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeElem_users_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeElem,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendChangeElem_users_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeElem_ddwPendencyReportTimestamp_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendChangeElem_ddwPendencyReportTimestamp_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeElem_ddwRecommendReportTimestamp_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendChangeElem_ddwRecommendReportTimestamp_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendChangeElem_ddwDecideReportTimestamp_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendChangeElem_ddwDecideReportTimestamp_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendChangeElem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendChangeElem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_VideoElem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void VideoElem_videoId_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] VideoElem_videoId_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void VideoElem_imageId_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] VideoElem_imageId_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void VideoElem_taskid_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long VideoElem_taskid_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void VideoElem_video_type_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] VideoElem_video_type_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void VideoElem_video_size_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long VideoElem_video_size_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void VideoElem_video_duration_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long VideoElem_video_duration_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void VideoElem_video_path_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] VideoElem_video_path_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void VideoElem_image_type_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] VideoElem_image_type_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void VideoElem_image_size_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long VideoElem_image_size_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void VideoElem_image_width_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long VideoElem_image_width_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void VideoElem_image_height_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long VideoElem_image_height_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void VideoElem_image_path_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] VideoElem_image_path_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_VideoElem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_self_identifier_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] Elem_self_identifier_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_type_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int Elem_type_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_text_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,long,com.tencent.imcore.TextElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Elem_text_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_image_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Elem_image_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_sound_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,long,com.tencent.imcore.SoundElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Elem_sound_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_custom_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,long,com.tencent.imcore.CustomElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Elem_custom_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_file_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,long,com.tencent.imcore.FileElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Elem_file_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_group_tips_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Elem_group_tips_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_face_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,long,com.tencent.imcore.FaceElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Elem_face_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_location_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,long,com.tencent.imcore.LocationElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Elem_location_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_group_report_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupReportElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Elem_group_report_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_profile_change_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,long,com.tencent.imcore.ProfileChangeElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Elem_profile_change_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_friend_change_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendChangeElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Elem_friend_change_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_video_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,long,com.tencent.imcore.VideoElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Elem_video_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Elem_resource_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] Elem_resource_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_Elem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_Elem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_ErrInfo_id_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo$ErrInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_ErrInfo_id_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo$ErrInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_ErrInfo_err_code_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo$ErrInfo,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_ErrInfo_err_code_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo$ErrInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_ErrInfo_err_msg_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo$ErrInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_ErrInfo_err_msg_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo$ErrInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_ErrInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_ErrInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_succ_num_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_succ_num_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_fail_num_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_fail_num_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_errs_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.ErrInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo_errs_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IBatchOprCallback_BatchOprDetailInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IBatchOprCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_doneSwigExplicitIBatchOprCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback,int,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_failSwigExplicitIBatchOprCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback,int,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback$BatchOprDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_setLogin(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback,java.lang.String,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_setLoginSwigExplicitIBatchOprCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback,java.lang.String,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IBatchOprCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IBatchOprCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_OfflinePushInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void OfflinePushInfo_desc_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.OfflinePushInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] OfflinePushInfo_desc_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.OfflinePushInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void OfflinePushInfo_ext_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.OfflinePushInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] OfflinePushInfo_ext_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.OfflinePushInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void OfflinePushInfo_sound_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.OfflinePushInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] OfflinePushInfo_sound_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.OfflinePushInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void OfflinePushInfo_flag_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.OfflinePushInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long OfflinePushInfo_flag_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.OfflinePushInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void OfflinePushInfo_isValid_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.OfflinePushInfo,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean OfflinePushInfo_isValid_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.OfflinePushInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_OfflinePushInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_Msg__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_Msg__SWIG_1(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_Msg(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_isValid(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_parse(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] Msg_serialize(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_session(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int Msg_status(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_isRead(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_isPeerRead(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_isSelf(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_seq(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_rand(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_flag(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_time(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_setTime(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_setSender(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] Msg_msgid(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_uniqueid(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_lifetime(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_setOfflinePushInfo(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long,com.tencent.imcore.OfflinePushInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_getOfflinePushInfo(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_convertToImportedmsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int Msg_customInt(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String Msg_customStr(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_setCustomInt(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_setCustomStr(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_remove(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_deleteFromStorage(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_hasGap(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int Msg_priority(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Msg_setPriority(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int Msg_getRecvFlag(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_elemSize(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int Msg_elemType(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Msg_addElem(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long,com.tencent.imcore.Elem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String Msg_getSender(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_getElem(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_cloneShared(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_newMsg__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_newMsg__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_getSenderProfile(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Msg_getSenderGroupMemberProfile(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] Msg_getGroupName(long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IGetMsgs(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGetMsgs_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGetMsgs,long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGetMsgs_doneSwigExplicitIGetMsgs(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGetMsgs,long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGetMsgs_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGetMsgs,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGetMsgs_failSwigExplicitIGetMsgs(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGetMsgs,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IGetMsgs()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGetMsgs_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IGetMsgs,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGetMsgs_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IGetMsgs,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_ISendMsg(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ISendMsg_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.ISendMsg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ISendMsg_doneSwigExplicitISendMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.ISendMsg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ISendMsg_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.ISendMsg,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ISendMsg_failSwigExplicitISendMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.ISendMsg,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_ISendMsg()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ISendMsg_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.ISendMsg,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ISendMsg_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.ISendMsg,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IDeleteLocalMsg(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IDeleteLocalMsg_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IDeleteLocalMsg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IDeleteLocalMsg_doneSwigExplicitIDeleteLocalMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.IDeleteLocalMsg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IDeleteLocalMsg_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IDeleteLocalMsg,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IDeleteLocalMsg_failSwigExplicitIDeleteLocalMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.IDeleteLocalMsg,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IDeleteLocalMsg()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IDeleteLocalMsg_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IDeleteLocalMsg,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IDeleteLocalMsg_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IDeleteLocalMsg,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_ISetReadMsg(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ISetReadMsg_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.ISetReadMsg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ISetReadMsg_doneSwigExplicitISetReadMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.ISetReadMsg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ISetReadMsg_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.ISetReadMsg,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ISetReadMsg_failSwigExplicitISetReadMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.ISetReadMsg,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_ISetReadMsg()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ISetReadMsg_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.ISetReadMsg,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ISetReadMsg_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.ISetReadMsg,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Draft_elems_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Draft,long,com.tencent.imcore.ElemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Draft_elems_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Draft)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Draft_user_define_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Draft,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] Draft_user_define_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Draft)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Draft_uint64_edit_time_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.Draft,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Draft_uint64_edit_time_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.Draft)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_Draft()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_Draft(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_Session()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Session_isValid(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int Session_type(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String Session_sid(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String Session_name(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String Session_iconUrl(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Session_msgUnread(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Session_activeTime(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Session_getMsgsFromCache__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Session_getMsgsFromCache__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Session_getMsgs(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGetMsgs)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Session_getMsgsForward(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGetMsgs)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Session_getLocalMsgs(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGetMsgs)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Session_sendMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long,com.tencent.imcore.ISendMsg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Session_sendRedPacketMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long,com.tencent.imcore.ISendMsg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Session_sendLikeMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long,com.tencent.imcore.ISendMsg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Session_sendCustomMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long,com.tencent.imcore.ISendMsg,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int Session_saveMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,java.lang.String,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int Session_importMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int Session_deleteLocalMsg__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long,com.tencent.imcore.IDeleteLocalMsg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int Session_deleteLocalMsg__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,com.tencent.imcore.IDeleteLocalMsg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Session_reportReaded__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long,com.tencent.imcore.ISetReadMsg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Session_reportReaded__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Session_reportReaded__SWIG_2(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void Session_setDraft(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session,long,com.tencent.imcore.Draft)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long Session_getDraft(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean Session_hasDraft(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String Session_identifier(long,com.tencent.imcore.Session)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_Session(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_SessionUUID()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SessionUUID_sid_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUID,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String SessionUUID_sid_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUID)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SessionUUID_type_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUID,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int SessionUUID_type_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUID)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_SessionUUID(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MsgReceipt_sess_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceipt,long,com.tencent.imcore.SessionUUID)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MsgReceipt_sess_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceipt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MsgReceipt_timestamp_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceipt,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MsgReceipt_timestamp_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MsgReceipt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_MsgReceipt()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_MsgReceipt(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IAvInviteCallBack(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IAvInviteCallBack_onAvInviteBuf(long,com.tencent.imcore.IAvInviteCallBack,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IAvInviteCallBack_onAvInviteBufSwigExplicitIAvInviteCallBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.IAvInviteCallBack,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IAvInviteCallBack()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IAvInviteCallBack_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IAvInviteCallBack,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IAvInviteCallBack_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IAvInviteCallBack,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FileTransSuccParam_fileid_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String FileTransSuccParam_fileid_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FileTransSuccParam_data_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FileTransSuccParam_data_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FileTransSuccParam_size_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FileTransSuccParam_size_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FileTransSuccParam_width_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FileTransSuccParam_width_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FileTransSuccParam_height_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FileTransSuccParam_height_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FileTransSuccParam_dlinfo_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FileTransSuccParam_dlinfo_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FileTransSuccParam()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FileTransSuccParam(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IFileTrans(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFileTrans_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFileTrans,long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFileTrans_doneSwigExplicitIFileTrans(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFileTrans,long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTransSuccParam)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFileTrans_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFileTrans,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFileTrans_failSwigExplicitIFileTrans(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFileTrans,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IFileTrans()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFileTrans_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IFileTrans,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFileTrans_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IFileTrans,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FileTranser(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FileTranser_getImpl(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTranser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FileTranser(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FileTranser_setCachePath(long,com.tencent.imcore.FileTranser,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IImageUploadCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IImageUploadCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IImageUploadCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IImageUploadCallback_doneSwigExplicitIImageUploadCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IImageUploadCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.ImageElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IImageUploadCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IImageUploadCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IImageUploadCallback_failSwigExplicitIImageUploadCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IImageUploadCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IImageUploadCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IImageUploadCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IImageUploadCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IImageUploadCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IImageUploadCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IApplyDownloadFileCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IApplyDownloadFileCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IApplyDownloadFileCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IApplyDownloadFileCallback_doneSwigExplicitIApplyDownloadFileCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IApplyDownloadFileCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IApplyDownloadFileCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IApplyDownloadFileCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IApplyDownloadFileCallback_failSwigExplicitIApplyDownloadFileCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IApplyDownloadFileCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IApplyDownloadFileCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IApplyDownloadFileCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IApplyDownloadFileCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IApplyDownloadFileCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IApplyDownloadFileCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IGroupTipsEventCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupTipsEventCallback_onGroupTipsEvent(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupTipsEventCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupTipsEventCallback_onGroupTipsEventSwigExplicitIGroupTipsEventCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupTipsEventCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IGroupTipsEventCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupTipsEventCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupTipsEventCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupTipsEventCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupTipsEventCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_ICreateGroupCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ICreateGroupCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.ICreateGroupCallback,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ICreateGroupCallback_doneSwigExplicitICreateGroupCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.ICreateGroupCallback,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ICreateGroupCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.ICreateGroupCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ICreateGroupCallback_failSwigExplicitICreateGroupCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.ICreateGroupCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_ICreateGroupCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ICreateGroupCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.ICreateGroupCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ICreateGroupCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.ICreateGroupCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IGroupNotifyCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupNotifyCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupNotifyCallback_doneSwigExplicitIGroupNotifyCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupNotifyCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupNotifyCallback_failSwigExplicitIGroupNotifyCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IGroupNotifyCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupNotifyCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupNotifyCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupMsgSeqInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupMsgSeqInfo_svrLatestSeq_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMsgSeqInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupMsgSeqInfo_svrLatestSeq_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMsgSeqInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupMsgSeqInfo_readSeq_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMsgSeqInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupMsgSeqInfo_readSeq_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMsgSeqInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupMsgSeqInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_MemberResult()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MemberResult_user_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberResult,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String MemberResult_user_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberResult)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MemberResult_status_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberResult,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MemberResult_status_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberResult)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_MemberResult(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IGroupMemberResultCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberResultCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberResultCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberResultVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberResultCallback_doneSwigExplicitIGroupMemberResultCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberResultCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberResultVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberResultCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberResultCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberResultCallback_failSwigExplicitIGroupMemberResultCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberResultCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IGroupMemberResultCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberResultCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberResultCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberResultCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberResultCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_MemberInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MemberInfo_member_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String MemberInfo_member_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MemberInfo_join_time_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MemberInfo_join_time_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MemberInfo_role_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MemberInfo_role_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MemberInfo_msg_flag_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MemberInfo_msg_flag_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MemberInfo_msg_seq_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MemberInfo_msg_seq_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MemberInfo_shutup_time_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MemberInfo_shutup_time_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MemberInfo_name_card_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] MemberInfo_name_card_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MemberInfo_custom_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MemberInfo_custom_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_MemberInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupSelfInfo__SWIG_0()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupSelfInfo__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.MemberInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupSelfInfo_joinTime_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSelfInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupSelfInfo_joinTime_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSelfInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupSelfInfo_role_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSelfInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupSelfInfo_role_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSelfInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupSelfInfo_unreadNum_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSelfInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupSelfInfo_unreadNum_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSelfInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupSelfInfo_dwMsgFalg_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSelfInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupSelfInfo_dwMsgFalg_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSelfInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupSelfInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupBaseInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupBaseInfo_sGroupId_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupBaseInfo_sGroupId_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupBaseInfo_sGroupName_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupBaseInfo_sGroupName_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupBaseInfo_dwInfoSeq_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupBaseInfo_dwInfoSeq_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupBaseInfo_dwMsgSeq_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupBaseInfo_dwMsgSeq_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupBaseInfo_dwReadSeq_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupBaseInfo_dwReadSeq_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupBaseInfo_dwMsgFalg_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupBaseInfo_dwMsgFalg_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupBaseInfo_sGroupType_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupBaseInfo_sGroupType_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupBaseInfo_sFaceUrl_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupBaseInfo_sFaceUrl_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupBaseInfo_stSelfInfo_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSelfInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupBaseInfo_stSelfInfo_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupBaseInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IGroupListCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupListCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupListCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupListCallback_doneSwigExplicitIGroupListCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupListCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupListCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupListCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupListCallback_failSwigExplicitIGroupListCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupListCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IGroupListCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupListCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupListCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupListCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupListCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IGroupMemberCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberCallback_doneSwigExplicitIGroupMemberCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberCallback_failSwigExplicitIGroupMemberCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IGroupMemberCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IGroupMemberCallbackV2(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberCallbackV2_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallbackV2,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberCallbackV2_doneSwigExplicitIGroupMemberCallbackV2(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallbackV2,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberCallbackV2_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallbackV2,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberCallbackV2_failSwigExplicitIGroupMemberCallbackV2(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallbackV2,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IGroupMemberCallbackV2()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberCallbackV2_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallbackV2,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupMemberCallbackV2_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallbackV2,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupPendencyMeta()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyMeta_next_start_time_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupPendencyMeta_next_start_time_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyMeta_read_time_seq_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupPendencyMeta_read_time_seq_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyMeta_unread_num_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupPendencyMeta_unread_num_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupPendencyMeta(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupPendencyItem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_group_id_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupPendencyItem_group_id_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_from_id_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupPendencyItem_from_id_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_to_id_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupPendencyItem_to_id_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_add_time_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupPendencyItem_add_time_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_pendency_type_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupPendencyItem_pendency_type_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_handled_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupPendencyItem_handled_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_handle_result_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupPendencyItem_handle_result_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_apply_invite_msg_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupPendencyItem_apply_invite_msg_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_from_user_defined_data_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupPendencyItem_from_user_defined_data_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_approval_msg_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupPendencyItem_approval_msg_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_to_user_defined_data_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupPendencyItem_to_user_defined_data_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_key_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupPendencyItem_key_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_authentication_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupPendencyItem_authentication_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupPendencyItem_selfIdentifier_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupPendencyItem_selfIdentifier_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupPendencyItem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IGroupGetPendencyCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupGetPendencyCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupGetPendencyCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyMeta,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupGetPendencyCallback_doneSwigExplicitIGroupGetPendencyCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupGetPendencyCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyMeta,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupPendencyItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupGetPendencyCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupGetPendencyCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupGetPendencyCallback_failSwigExplicitIGroupGetPendencyCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupGetPendencyCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IGroupGetPendencyCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupGetPendencyCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupGetPendencyCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupGetPendencyCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupGetPendencyCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IGroupUpdateCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupUpdateCallback_onMembersUpdate(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupUpdateCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupUpdateCallback_onMembersUpdateSwigExplicitIGroupUpdateCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupUpdateCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IGroupUpdateCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupUpdateCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupUpdateCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupUpdateCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupUpdateCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupDetailInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_sGroupId_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupDetailInfo_sGroupId_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_sGroupName_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupDetailInfo_sGroupName_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_sOwner_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupDetailInfo_sOwner_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_sNotification_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupDetailInfo_sNotification_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_sIntroduction_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] GroupDetailInfo_sIntroduction_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_sFaceUrl_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupDetailInfo_sFaceUrl_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_sGroupType_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GroupDetailInfo_sGroupType_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_ddwOwnerTinyId_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfo_ddwOwnerTinyId_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_dwCreateTime_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfo_dwCreateTime_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_dwInfoSeq_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfo_dwInfoSeq_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_dwLastInfoTime_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfo_dwLastInfoTime_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_dwNextMsgSeq_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfo_dwNextMsgSeq_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_dwLastMsgTime_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfo_dwLastMsgTime_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_dwAppid_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfo_dwAppid_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_dwMemberNum_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfo_dwMemberNum_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_dwMaxMemberNum_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfo_dwMaxMemberNum_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_dwAddOption_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfo_dwAddOption_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_dwOnlineMemberNum_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfo_dwOnlineMemberNum_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_eVisible_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int GroupDetailInfo_eVisible_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_eSearchable_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int GroupDetailInfo_eSearchable_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_lastMsg_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfo_lastMsg_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupDetailInfo_custom_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupDetailInfo_custom_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupDetailInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_BytesVecFetcher(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] BytesVecFetcher_getBytesByIndex(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVecFetcher,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesVecFetcher_values_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVecFetcher,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesVecFetcher_values_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVecFetcher)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_BytesVecFetcher(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MapKeyFetcher_fetchMapKeys(long,com.tencent.imcore.MapKeyFetcher,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] MapKeyFetcher_getKey(long,com.tencent.imcore.MapKeyFetcher,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] MapKeyFetcher_getValue(long,com.tencent.imcore.MapKeyFetcher,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void MapKeyFetcher_keys_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.MapKeyFetcher,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long MapKeyFetcher_keys_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.MapKeyFetcher)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_MapKeyFetcher()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_MapKeyFetcher(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_NewGroupInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupInfo_group_type_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String NewGroupInfo_group_type_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupInfo_group_name_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] NewGroupInfo_group_name_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupInfo_group_members_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupMemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long NewGroupInfo_group_members_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupInfo_notification_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] NewGroupInfo_notification_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupInfo_introduction_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] NewGroupInfo_introduction_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupInfo_face_url_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String NewGroupInfo_face_url_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupInfo_group_id_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] NewGroupInfo_group_id_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupInfo_set_add_option_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean NewGroupInfo_set_add_option_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupInfo_add_option_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long NewGroupInfo_add_option_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupInfo_max_member_num_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long NewGroupInfo_max_member_num_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupInfo_owner_tiny_id_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long NewGroupInfo_owner_tiny_id_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void NewGroupInfo_base_custom_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long NewGroupInfo_base_custom_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_NewGroupInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupMemInfoNone_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupMemJionTime_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupMemMsgFlag_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupMemMsgSeq_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupMemRole_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupMemShutupUntill_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupMemNameCard_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGroupMemberAll_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGroupMemRoleOwner_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGroupMemRoleAdmin_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGroupMemRoleCommon_member_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GetGroupMemInfoOption()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GetGroupMemInfoOption_group_id_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupMemInfoOption,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String GetGroupMemInfoOption_group_id_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupMemInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GetGroupMemInfoOption_members_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupMemInfoOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GetGroupMemInfoOption_members_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupMemInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GetGroupMemInfoOption_flag_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupMemInfoOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GetGroupMemInfoOption_flag_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupMemInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GetGroupMemInfoOption_filter_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupMemInfoOption,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int GetGroupMemInfoOption_filter_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupMemInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GetGroupMemInfoOption_custom_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupMemInfoOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GetGroupMemInfoOption_custom_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupMemInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GetGroupMemInfoOption(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IGroupInfoListCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupInfoListCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupInfoListCallback_doneSwigExplicitIGroupInfoListCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupInfoListCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupInfoListCallback_failSwigExplicitIGroupInfoListCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IGroupInfoListCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupInfoListCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupInfoListCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IGroupInfoListCallbackV2(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupInfoListCallbackV2_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallbackV2,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupInfoListCallbackV2_doneSwigExplicitIGroupInfoListCallbackV2(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallbackV2,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupInfoListCallbackV2_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallbackV2,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupInfoListCallbackV2_failSwigExplicitIGroupInfoListCallbackV2(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallbackV2,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IGroupInfoListCallbackV2()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupInfoListCallbackV2_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallbackV2,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupInfoListCallbackV2_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallbackV2,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoNone_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoName_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoCreateTime_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoOwnerUin_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoSeq_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoTime_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoNextMsgSeq_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoLastMsgTime_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoAppId_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoMemberNum_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoMaxMemberNum_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoNotification_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoIntroduction_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoFaceUrl_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoAddOpton_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoGroupType_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoLastMsg_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoOnlineNum_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoVisible_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kGetGroupBaseInfoSearchable_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GetGroupBaseInfoOption()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GetGroupBaseInfoOption_flag_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupBaseInfoOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GetGroupBaseInfoOption_flag_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GetGroupBaseInfoOption_custom_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupBaseInfoOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GetGroupBaseInfoOption_custom_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GetGroupBaseInfoOption_groups_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupBaseInfoOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GetGroupBaseInfoOption_groups_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GetGroupBaseInfoOption(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupNone_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupName_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupNotification_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupIntroduction_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupFaceUrl_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupAddOption_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupMaxMmeberNum_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupVisible_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupSearchable_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_group_id_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_group_id_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_flag_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_flag_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_group_name_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_group_name_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_notification_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_notification_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_introduction_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_introduction_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_face_url_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_face_url_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_add_option_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_add_option_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_max_member_num_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_max_member_num_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_visible_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_visible_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_searchable_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_searchable_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_custom_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption_custom_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupMemberNone_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupMemberMsgFlag_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupMemberRole_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupMemberShutupTime_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kModifyGroupMemberNameCard_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_group_id_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_group_id_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_member_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_member_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_flag_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_flag_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_msg_flag_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_msg_flag_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_role_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_role_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_shutup_time_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_shutup_time_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_name_card_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_name_card_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_custom_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption_custom_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GetGroupPendencyOption()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GetGroupPendencyOption_start_time_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupPendencyOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GetGroupPendencyOption_start_time_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupPendencyOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GetGroupPendencyOption_max_limited_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupPendencyOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GetGroupPendencyOption_max_limited_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupPendencyOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GetGroupPendencyOption(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupManager(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_createGroup__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.ICreateGroupCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_createGroup__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.NewGroupInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.ICreateGroupCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_deleteGroup(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_deleteGroupMember__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberResultCallback,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_deleteGroupMember__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberResultCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_inviteGroupMember(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberResultCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_applyJoinGroup(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_quitGroup(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_getGroupList(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,boolean,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupListCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_modifyGroupBaseInfo__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,byte[],long,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_modifyGroupBaseInfo__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_modifyGroupOwner(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_modifyGroupMemberInfo__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_modifyGroupMemberInfo__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_handleJoinRequest(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],byte[],long,long,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_handleInviteRequest(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],byte[],long,long,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_getGroupBaseInfo__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_getGroupBaseInfo__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupBaseInfoOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_getGroupMembers(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_getGroupMembersInfo__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_getGroupMembersInfo__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupMemInfoOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_getSelfInfo(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_getGroupPublicInfo(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_getGroupPublicInfoV2(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_searchGroupByName(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,long,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupInfoListCallbackV2)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_getGroupMembersV2(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallbackV2)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_getGroupMembersByFilter(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupMemberCallbackV2)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_getMsgSeq(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,java.lang.String,long,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_getPendency(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.GetGroupPendencyOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupGetPendencyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupManager_pendencyReport(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupManager,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupManager(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IFriendshipCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipCallback_doneSwigExplicitIFriendshipCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipCallback_failSwigExplicitIFriendshipCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IFriendshipCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GetProfileOption()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GetProfileOption_flag_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetProfileOption,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GetProfileOption_flag_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetProfileOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GetProfileOption_custom_info_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetProfileOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GetProfileOption_custom_info_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GetProfileOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GetProfileOption(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IFriendshipActionCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallback_doneSwigExplicitIFriendshipActionCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallback_failSwigExplicitIFriendshipActionCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallback_vecFriends_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IFriendshipActionCallback_vecFriends_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IFriendshipActionCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IFriendshipActionCallbackV2(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallbackV2_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallbackV2,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallbackV2_doneSwigExplicitIFriendshipActionCallbackV2(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallbackV2,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallbackV2_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallbackV2,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallbackV2_failSwigExplicitIFriendshipActionCallbackV2(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallbackV2,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallbackV2_vecFriends_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallbackV2,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IFriendshipActionCallbackV2_vecFriends_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallbackV2)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IFriendshipActionCallbackV2()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallbackV2_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallbackV2,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipActionCallbackV2_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallbackV2,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IFriendshipProxyActionCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipProxyActionCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyActionCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec,long,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipProxyActionCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyActionCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipProxyActionCallback_setAllFlag(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyActionCallback,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IFriendshipProxyActionCallback_getAllFlag(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipProxyActionCallback_vecFriends_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyActionCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IFriendshipProxyActionCallback_vecFriends_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendMetaInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendMetaInfo_ddwTimestamp_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendMetaInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendMetaInfo_ddwTimestamp_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendMetaInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendMetaInfo_ddwInfoSeq_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendMetaInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendMetaInfo_ddwInfoSeq_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendMetaInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendMetaInfo_ddwNextSeq_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendMetaInfo,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendMetaInfo_ddwNextSeq_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendMetaInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendMetaInfo_recover_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendMetaInfo,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendMetaInfo_recover_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendMetaInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendMetaInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendMetaInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback_doneSwigExplicitIFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendMetaInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback_failSwigExplicitIFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyItem_sIdentifier_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String FriendPendencyItem_sIdentifier_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyItem_ddwAddTime_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendPendencyItem_ddwAddTime_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyItem_sAddSource_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendPendencyItem_sAddSource_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyItem_sAddWording_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendPendencyItem_sAddWording_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyItem_sNickname_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendPendencyItem_sNickname_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyItem_iType_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FriendPendencyItem_iType_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendPendencyItem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendPendencyItem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyMeta_ddwTimestamp_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendPendencyMeta_ddwTimestamp_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyMeta_ddwSeq_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendPendencyMeta_ddwSeq_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyMeta_ddwNumPerPage_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendPendencyMeta_ddwNumPerPage_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendPendencyMeta_ddwUnReadCnt_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendPendencyMeta_ddwUnReadCnt_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendPendencyMeta()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendPendencyMeta(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int PendencyTypeComeIn_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int PendencyTypeSendOut_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int PendencyTypeBoth_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FutureTypePendencyComeIn_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FutureTypePendencySendOut_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FutureTypeRecommend_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FutureTypeDecide_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendFutureItem_eType_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FriendFutureItem_eType_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendFutureItem_ddwAddTime_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendFutureItem_ddwAddTime_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendFutureItem_sIdentifier_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String FriendFutureItem_sIdentifier_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendFutureItem_stProfile_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendFutureItem_stProfile_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendFutureItem_sAddWording_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendFutureItem_sAddWording_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendFutureItem_sAddSource_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendFutureItem_sAddSource_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendFutureItem_mpRecommendTags_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendFutureItem_mpRecommendTags_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendFutureItem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendFutureItem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FutureFriendMeta()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FutureFriendMeta_iDirection_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FutureFriendMeta_iDirection_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FutureFriendMeta_ddwReqNum_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FutureFriendMeta_ddwReqNum_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FutureFriendMeta_ddwTimestamp_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FutureFriendMeta_ddwTimestamp_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FutureFriendMeta_ddwPendencySequence_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FutureFriendMeta_ddwPendencySequence_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FutureFriendMeta_ddwRecommendSequence_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FutureFriendMeta_ddwRecommendSequence_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FutureFriendMeta_ddwDecideSequence_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FutureFriendMeta_ddwDecideSequence_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FutureFriendMeta_ddwPendencyUnReadCnt_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FutureFriendMeta_ddwPendencyUnReadCnt_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FutureFriendMeta_ddwRecommendUnReadCnt_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FutureFriendMeta_ddwRecommendUnReadCnt_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FutureFriendMeta_ddwDecideUnreadCnt_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FutureFriendMeta_ddwDecideUnreadCnt_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FutureFriendMeta_ddwCurrentPendencyTimestamp_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FutureFriendMeta_ddwCurrentPendencyTimestamp_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FutureFriendMeta_ddwCurrentRecommendTimestamp_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FutureFriendMeta_ddwCurrentRecommendTimestamp_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FutureFriendMeta_ddwCurrentDecideTimestamp_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FutureFriendMeta_ddwCurrentDecideTimestamp_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FutureFriendMeta(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IFriendshipPendencyCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipPendencyCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipPendencyCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyMeta,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipPendencyCallback_doneSwigExplicitIFriendshipPendencyCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipPendencyCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyMeta,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipPendencyCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipPendencyCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipPendencyCallback_failSwigExplicitIFriendshipPendencyCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipPendencyCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IFriendshipPendencyCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipPendencyCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipPendencyCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipPendencyCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipPendencyCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IFriendshipGetFutureCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipGetFutureCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFutureCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipGetFutureCallback_doneSwigExplicitIFriendshipGetFutureCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFutureCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendFutureItemVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipGetFutureCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFutureCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipGetFutureCallback_failSwigExplicitIFriendshipGetFutureCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFutureCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IFriendshipGetFutureCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipGetFutureCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFutureCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipGetFutureCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFutureCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FriendDeleteSingleType_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FirendDeleteBothType_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SNSProfileItem_sIdentifier_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String SNSProfileItem_sIdentifier_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SNSProfileItem_mpProfiles_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItem,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long SNSProfileItem_mpProfiles_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void SNSProfileItem_mpCustom_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItem,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMap)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long SNSProfileItem_mpCustom_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_SNSProfileItem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_SNSProfileItem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendGroup_name_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroup,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendGroup_name_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroup)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendGroup_count_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroup,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendGroup_count_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroup)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendGroup_identifiers_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroup,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendGroup_identifiers_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroup)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendGroup_profiles_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroup,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendGroup_profiles_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroup)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendGroup_tinyids_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroup,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendGroup_tinyids_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroup)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendGroup()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendGroup(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendGroupItem_name_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupItem,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] FriendGroupItem_name_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendGroupItem_identifiers_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupItem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendGroupItem_identifiers_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendGroupItem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendGroupItem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IFriendGroupCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendGroupCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendGroupCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendGroupCallback_doneSwigExplicitIFriendGroupCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendGroupCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendGroupCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendGroupCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendGroupCallback_failSwigExplicitIFriendGroupCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendGroupCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IFriendGroupCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendGroupCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendGroupCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendGroupCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendGroupCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean checkProfileCustomTag(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean checkFriendCustomTag(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendshipManager(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_setProfile__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,java.lang.String,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_setSnsProfile(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItemVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_setProfile__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.SetProfileOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_getProfile__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_getProfile__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.GetProfileOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_getFriendList__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_getFriendList__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.GetProfileOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_getFriendProfile(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.GetProfileOption,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_addFriend(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_delFriend(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_doResponse(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_addBlackList(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_delBlackList(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_getBlackList(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_searchUserUseIdentifier(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_getFriendListV2(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendMetaInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFriendV2Callback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_getFutureFriends(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.FutureFriendMeta,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipGetFutureCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_checkFriend(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_getPendencyFromServer(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendPendencyMeta,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipPendencyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_pendencyReport(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_recommendReport(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_deletePendency(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_deleteRecommend(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_deleteDecide(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_searchFriendsUseNickName(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,java.lang.String,long,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallbackV2)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_createFriendGroup(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_deleteFriendGroup(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_addFriends2Group(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_delFriendsFromGroup(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_modifyFriendGroupName(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,byte[],byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_getFriendGroup(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,boolean,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendGroupCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipManager_updateFriendGroupSeq(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipManager_setExpire(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipManager_clearAllData(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_addFriendToMap(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipManager_delFriendToMap(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendshipManager(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void AddFriendReq_identifier_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReq,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String AddFriendReq_identifier_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReq)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void AddFriendReq_wording_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReq,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] AddFriendReq_wording_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReq)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void AddFriendReq_source_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReq,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] AddFriendReq_source_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReq)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void AddFriendReq_nickname_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReq,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: byte[] AddFriendReq_nickname_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReq)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_AddFriendReq()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_AddFriendReq(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfileUpdateItem_tag_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileUpdateItem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String FriendProfileUpdateItem_tag_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileUpdateItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfileUpdateItem_uint64_value_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileUpdateItem,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendProfileUpdateItem_uint64_value_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileUpdateItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfileUpdateItem_bytes_value_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileUpdateItem,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String FriendProfileUpdateItem_bytes_value_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileUpdateItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendProfileUpdateItem_vec_bytes_value_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileUpdateItem,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendProfileUpdateItem_vec_bytes_value_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileUpdateItem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendProfileUpdateItem()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendProfileUpdateItem(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kFriendProxyStatusNone_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kFriendProxyStatusSyncing_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kFriendProxyStatusSynced_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int kFriendProxyStatusSyncFailed_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IFriendshipProxyListener(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipProxyListener_onProxyStatusChange(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyListener,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipProxyListener_onAddFriendNotify(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyListener,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipProxyListener_onDeleteFriendNotify(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyListener,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipProxyListener_onFriendProfileUpdate(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyListener,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipProxyListener_onAddFriendReq(long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyListener,long,com.tencent.imcore.AddFriendReqVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IFriendshipProxyListener()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipProxyListener_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyListener,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IFriendshipProxyListener_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyListener,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendshipProxyConfig()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipProxyConfig_enable_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxyConfig,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipProxyConfig_enable_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxyConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipProxyConfig_flags_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxyConfig,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxyConfig_flags_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxyConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipProxyConfig_custom_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxyConfig,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxyConfig_custom_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxyConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipProxyConfig_listener_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxyConfig,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipProxyListener)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxyConfig_listener_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxyConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendshipProxyConfig(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_FriendshipProxy()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_FriendshipProxy(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipProxy_init(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipProxy_setFriendProxyConfig(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxyConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipProxy_syncProxy(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean FriendshipProxy_isEnable(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FriendshipProxy_getStatus(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getFriendFlags(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getCustom(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_proxyProfileOption(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipProxy_onFriendshipEvent(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FriendshipProxy_getFriendList(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FriendshipProxy_getFriendProfile(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int FriendshipProxy_getFriendGroup(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getSetSnsProfileCB(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,long,com.tencent.imcore.SNSProfileItemVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getDelFriendCB(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,int,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getDoResponseCB(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getAddBlackList(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getCreateFriendGroupCB(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getDeleteFriendGroup(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getAddFriend2GroupCB(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getDelFriendsFromGroupCB(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getModifyFriendGroupName(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,byte[],byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getMove2FriendGroup(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IFriendshipActionCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipProxy_changeStatusWithoutNotify(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipProxy_onProfileSync(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfileVec,long,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipProxy_onFriendGroupSync(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendGroupVec,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipProxy_onSyncSucc(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void FriendshipProxy_onSyncFail(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_convertToFriendGroupVec(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getFrdTime(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getFrdSeq(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long FriendshipProxy_getFrdGrpSeq(long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxy)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int ePC_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int eIOS_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int eAndroid_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void InstStatus_ddwClientType_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.InstStatus,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long InstStatus_ddwClientType_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.InstStatus)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void InstStatus_sUserDefine_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.InstStatus,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String InstStatus_sUserDefine_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.InstStatus)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_InstStatus()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_InstStatus(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UserStatus_ddwTinyId_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserStatus,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long UserStatus_ddwTinyId_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserStatus)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UserStatus_sUserId_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserStatus,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String UserStatus_sUserId_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserStatus)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UserStatus_stInstStatus_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserStatus,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long UserStatus_stInstStatus_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserStatus)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_UserStatus()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_UserStatus(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IStatusCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IStatusCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IStatusCallback,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IStatusCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IStatusCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IStatusCallback_vecUserStatus_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.IStatusCallback,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IStatusCallback_vecUserStatus_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.IStatusCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IStatusCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IStatusSetUserDefCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IStatusSetUserDefCallback_done(long,com.tencent.imcore.IStatusSetUserDefCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IStatusSetUserDefCallback_fail(long,com.tencent.imcore.IStatusSetUserDefCallback,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IStatusSetUserDefCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_StatusManager(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean StatusManager_getUserStatus(long,com.tencent.imcore.StatusManager,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IStatusCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void StatusManager_setUsedefinedData(long,com.tencent.imcore.StatusManager,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IStatusSetUserDefCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_StatusManager(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long ErrCodeManager_get()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean ErrCodeManager_transErrCode(long,com.tencent.imcore.ErrCodeManager,java.lang.String,long,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_ErrCodeManager()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_ErrCodeManager(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_UpdateInfoOpt(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UpdateInfoOpt_flag_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UpdateInfoOpt,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long UpdateInfoOpt_flag_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UpdateInfoOpt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UpdateInfoOpt_customInfoTags_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UpdateInfoOpt,long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long UpdateInfoOpt_customInfoTags_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UpdateInfoOpt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_UpdateInfoOpt(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupSettings()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupSettings_storageEnabled_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSettings,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupSettings_storageEnabled_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSettings)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupSettings_memberInfoOpt_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSettings,long,com.tencent.imcore.UpdateInfoOpt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupSettings_memberInfoOpt_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSettings)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupSettings_groupInfoOpt_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSettings,long,com.tencent.imcore.UpdateInfoOpt)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupSettings_groupInfoOpt_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSettings)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupSettings(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupCacheInfo_groupInfo_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupDetailInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupCacheInfo_groupInfo_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupCacheInfo_selfInfo_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfo,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSelfInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupCacheInfo_selfInfo_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupCacheInfo()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupCacheInfo(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IGroupAssistantCallback(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_onMemberJoin(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_onMemberJoinSwigExplicitIGroupAssistantCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_onMemberQuit(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_onMemberQuitSwigExplicitIGroupAssistantCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_onMemberUpdate(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_onMemberUpdateSwigExplicitIGroupAssistantCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupMemberInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_onGroupAdd(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_onGroupAddSwigExplicitIGroupAssistantCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_onGroupDelete(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_onGroupDeleteSwigExplicitIGroupAssistantCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_onGroupUpdate(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_onGroupUpdateSwigExplicitIGroupAssistantCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfo)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_IGroupAssistantCallback()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_director_connect(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,long,boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IGroupAssistantCallback_change_ownership(com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback,long,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupAssistantConfig()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistantConfig_settings_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistantConfig,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSettings)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupAssistantConfig_settings_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistantConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistantConfig_callback_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistantConfig,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupAssistantConfig_callback_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistantConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupAssistantConfig(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_GroupAssistant(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_initGroupSettings(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupSettings)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupAssistant_getGroupSettings(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_init(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_setCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupAssistantCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_sync(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupAssistant_isGroupExist(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int GroupAssistant_getGroups(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupCacheInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupAssistant_getGroupInfoCache(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_onGroupAdd(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_onGroupDelete(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_onGroupSync(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupBaseInfoVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupNotifyCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_onGroupUpdate__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_onGroupUpdate__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem_GroupInfoVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_onGroupUpdateOwner(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_onGroupUpdateSelfInfo(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_onMemberJoin(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,java.lang.String,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_onMemberQuit(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,java.lang.String,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_onMemberUpdate(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,java.lang.String,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_onGroupTipsEvent(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupTipsElem)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void GroupAssistant_onGroupSystemEvent(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,java.lang.String,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupAssistant_checkMemberModifyOption(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupMemberInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean GroupAssistant_checkGroupModifyOption(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,long,com.tencent.imcore.ModifyGroupBaseInfoOption)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupAssistant_prepareDefaultGetMemOption(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long GroupAssistant_prepareDefaultGetGroupOption(long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistant,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_GroupAssistant(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_UserConfig()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UserConfig_storage_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean UserConfig_storage_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UserConfig_auto_report_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean UserConfig_auto_report_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UserConfig_read_receipt_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean UserConfig_read_receipt_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UserConfig_recent_contact_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig,boolean)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean UserConfig_recent_contact_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UserConfig_notify_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig,long,com.tencent.imcore.INotify)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long UserConfig_notify_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UserConfig_frd_prxy_config_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendshipProxyConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long UserConfig_frd_prxy_config_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void UserConfig_grp_ass_config_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig,long,com.tencent.imcore.GroupAssistantConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long UserConfig_grp_ass_config_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.UserConfig)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_UserConfig(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_IMCoreUser(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_getSessionList(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_getSession__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_sessionCount(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_getSession__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_newSession(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IMCoreUser_deleteSession(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IMCoreUser_deleteSessionAndMsgs(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IMCoreUser_deleteGroupMsgs(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,java.lang.String,long,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCoreUser_clearCookie(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCoreUser_loginSyncMsg(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCoreUser_loginSyncCache(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int IMCoreUser_manualPush(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,byte[])
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCoreUser_sendMsgToMultiUsers(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec,long,com.tencent.imcore.Msg,long,com.tencent.imcore.IBatchOprCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int IMCoreUser_cancelAllPicupTask(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int IMCoreUser_applyDownloadFile(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,java.lang.String,long,long,com.tencent.imcore.IApplyDownloadFileCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_submitUploadTask__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IImageUploadCallback,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_submitUploadTask__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,java.lang.String,long,com.tencent.imcore.IImageUploadCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCoreUser_cancelTask(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int IMCoreUser_getImageUploadProgrss(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: int IMCoreUser_compressPic(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IMCoreUser_runOnMainThread(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IMCoreUser_runOnTaskThread(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IMCoreUser_runOnIOThread(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCoreUser_setAvInviteCallBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,long,com.tencent.imcore.IAvInviteCallBack)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_getAvInviteCallBack(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCoreUser_setGroupUpdateCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupUpdateCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_getGroupUpdateCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCoreUser_setGroupTipsEventCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,long,com.tencent.imcore.IGroupTipsEventCallback)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_getGroupTipsEventCallback(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_sdkAppId(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCoreUser_setSdkAppId(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String IMCoreUser_ip(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCoreUser_setIp(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: java.lang.String IMCoreUser_a2(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCoreUser_setA2(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IMCoreUser_httpRequest(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,int,java.lang.String,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.EnvRequestClosure)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IMCoreUser_sSORequest__SWIG_0(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,java.lang.String,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.EnvRequestClosure,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IMCoreUser_sSORequest__SWIG_1(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,java.lang.String,byte[],long,com.tencent.imcore.EnvRequestClosure)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_getFriendShipMgr(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_getGroupMgr(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_getGroupAssistant(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_getStatusMgr(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_getFriendShipPrxy(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void IMCoreUser_saveSelfProfile(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser,long,com.tencent.imcore.FriendProfile)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_getSelfProfile(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long IMCoreUser_getFileTranser(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: boolean IMCoreUser_fake(long,com.tencent.imcore.IMCoreUser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesProfileMapParser_fetchMapKeys(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesProfileMapParser,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesProfileMapParser_getKey(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesProfileMapParser,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesProfileMapParser_getValue(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesProfileMapParser,long,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesProfileMapParser_keys_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesProfileMapParser,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesProfileMapParser_keys_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesProfileMapParser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_BytesProfileMapParser()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_BytesProfileMapParser(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesMemberInfoParser_fetchMapKeys(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMemberInfoParser,long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesMemberInfoParser_getKey(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMemberInfoParser,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesMemberInfoParser_getValue(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMemberInfoParser,long,int)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void BytesMemberInfoParser_keys_set(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMemberInfoParser,long,com.tencent.imcore.StrVec)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long BytesMemberInfoParser_keys_get(long,com.tencent.imcore.BytesMemberInfoParser)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: long new_BytesMemberInfoParser()
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void delete_BytesMemberInfoParser(long)
com.tencent.imcore.internalJNI: void swig_module_init()
com.tencent.openqq.IMBaseApplication
com.tencent.openqq.IMError: com.tencent.openqq.IMError[] values()
com.tencent.openqq.IMError: com.tencent.openqq.IMError valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.qalsdk.QALBroadcastReceiver
com.tencent.qalsdk.QALBroadcastReceiver: QALBroadcastReceiver()
com.tencent.qalsdk.base.CloseConnReason: com.tencent.qalsdk.base.CloseConnReason[] values()
com.tencent.qalsdk.base.CloseConnReason: com.tencent.qalsdk.base.CloseConnReason valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.qalsdk.base.remote.FromServiceMsg
com.tencent.qalsdk.base.remote.FromServiceMsg: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.tencent.qalsdk.base.remote.MsfServiceBindInfo
com.tencent.qalsdk.base.remote.MsfServiceBindInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.tencent.qalsdk.base.remote.ToServiceMsg
com.tencent.qalsdk.base.remote.ToServiceMsg: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.tencent.qalsdk.config.NativeConfigStore
com.tencent.qalsdk.config.NativeConfigStore: void setSaveRootPath(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.qalsdk.config.NativeConfigStore: void loadConfig(android.content.Context,boolean)
com.tencent.qalsdk.config.NativeConfigStore: java.lang.String getConfig(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.qalsdk.config.NativeConfigStore: java.lang.String[] getConfigList(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.qalsdk.config.NativeConfigStore: void setConfig(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.qalsdk.config.NativeConfigStore: void removeConfig(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.qalsdk.core.NetConnInfoCenter
com.tencent.qalsdk.core.NetConnInfoCenter: NetConnInfoCenter()
com.tencent.qalsdk.sdk.MsfCommand: com.tencent.qalsdk.sdk.MsfCommand[] values()
com.tencent.qalsdk.sdk.MsfCommand: com.tencent.qalsdk.sdk.MsfCommand valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.qalsdk.service.QalAssistService
com.tencent.qalsdk.service.QalAssistService: QalAssistService()
com.tencent.qalsdk.service.QalService
com.tencent.qalsdk.service.QalService: QalService()
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.BaseApplication
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.CodecWarpper
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.CodecWarpper: void init(android.content.Context,boolean)
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.CodecWarpper: void setAccountKey(java.lang.String,byte[],byte[],byte[],byte[],byte[],byte[],byte[],byte[],java.lang.String)
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.CodecWarpper: void removeAccountKey(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.CodecWarpper: void onConnClose()
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.CodecWarpper: byte[] encodeRequest(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,byte[],int,int,java.lang.String,byte,byte,byte[])
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.CodecWarpper: void setKsid(byte[])
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.CodecWarpper: void onReceData(byte[])
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.CodecWarpper: byte[] getFileStoreKey()
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.CodecWarpper: void setUseSimpleHead(java.lang.String,boolean)
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.CodecWarpper: void setMaxPackageSize(int)
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.CodecWarpper: int getMaxPackageSize()
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.MD5
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.MD5: byte[] getBufferMd5(byte[])
com.tencent.qalsdk.util.MD5: byte[] getStremMd5(java.io.InputStream,long)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void enableLinkMicState(boolean,java.lang.String,boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void initTraeAudioEngine(android.content.Context)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void uninitTraeAudioEngine()
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void startTraeAudioRecord()
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void stopTraeAudioRecord(boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void appendLibraryPath(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setTraeMute(boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void enableAudioPreview(boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void startPlay(java.lang.String,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void stopPlay(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void startPublishRtmp(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void stopPublishRtmp()
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setDeviceInfo(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setVideoEncoderParam(int,int,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setVideoPixel(int,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setVideoEncFPS(int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setVideoEncodeBitrate(int,int,int,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setVideoEncodeGop(int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setVideoEncodeFPS(int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void switchCamera(boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setAutoAdjustBitrate(boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setAutoAdjustStrategy(int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setBeautyFilter(int,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setHardwareAcceleration(boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: int sendVideoBackgroudWithRBGA(byte[],int,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: int sendVideoWithYUV(byte[],int,int,int,boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void sendVideoWithH264Data(byte[],int,int,int,long)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setAudioParam(int,int,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setANS(boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: long getPublishStartTime()
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void sendAudioWithPCM(byte[],boolean,boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void sendAudioWithAAC(byte[])
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: int[] getSDKVersion()
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: int parseStreamData(java.lang.String,byte[],int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setTempPath(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void enableHardwareDecode(java.lang.String,boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setLogLevel(int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setCacheTime(java.lang.String,float)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void SetAutoAdjustCache(java.lang.String,boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void SetMaxAutoAdjustCacheTime(java.lang.String,float)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void SetMinAutoAdjustCacheTime(java.lang.String,float)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setConnectRetryCount(boolean,java.lang.String,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setConnectRetryInterval(boolean,java.lang.String,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: int getConnectRetryCount(boolean,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: int getConnectRetryInterval(boolean,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setCpuUse(int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setAppCpuUse(int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void reportDecodeFirstIFrameEvt(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void reportVideoStreamBlockEvt(java.lang.String,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void reportVideoStreamBlockTimeEvt(java.lang.String,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void reportVideoStreamBeginEvt(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void reportEvt40003(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void notifyVideoResolution(java.lang.String,int,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void notifyConnectedServerIP(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setCustomVideoPreProcessLibrary(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setCustomAudioPreProcessLibrary(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: int seek(java.lang.String,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: boolean OnAudioControl(int,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: boolean playBGM(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: int curBGMProgress()
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: int getMusicDuration(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void pause(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void resume(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: int getFileOffset(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setLoadFinished(java.lang.String,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: int getLoadFinished(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void loadTexture(java.lang.String,int[])
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: boolean canGLRender(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void clearGLBuffer(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void setWatermark(int[],int,int,int,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void disableWatermark()
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: boolean checkUrl(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: boolean setVideoCaptureState(boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: boolean isPublishing()
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: boolean isPlaying(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void writeLogMessage(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void log(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: void notifyAudioPlayPTS(java.lang.String,long,long)
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: int[] getVideoSize()
com.tencent.rtmp.TXRtmpApi: java.lang.String getCurrentPushUrl()
com.tencent.rtmp.audio.TXEraPhoneReceiver
com.tencent.rtmp.net.TXHttpUrlConnection
com.tencent.rtmp.net.TXHttpUrlConnection: void dataCallback(java.lang.String,int)
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_start(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_stop()
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_pause()
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_release()
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_seekTo(long)
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_prepareAsync()
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_setVideoSurface(android.view.Surface)
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_setMute(boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_setup(java.lang.Object)
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_finalize()
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_message_loop(java.lang.Object)
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: boolean native_isPlaying()
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: long native_getDuration()
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: long native_getCurrentPosition()
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_setOption(int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_setOption(int,java.lang.String,long)
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_netStatusNotify(int,int,java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: float native_getPropertyFloat(int,float)
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: long native_getPropertyLong(int,long)
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_init()
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_setLogLevel(int)
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: void native_setDataSource(java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String[])
com.tencent.rtmp.player.TXFFPlayer: int native_check_hls_read_to_eof(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView: TXCloudVideoView(android.content.Context)
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView: TXCloudVideoView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView: void setStreamUrl(java.lang.String)
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView: com.tencent.rtmp.video.a getBeautySurfaceView()
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView: void setUseBeautyView(boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView: void setCameraFront(boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView: void setRenderMode(int)
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView: void setRenderRotation(int)
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView: android.view.SurfaceView getSurfaceView()
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView: android.view.TextureView getHWVideoView()
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView: void setSurfaceTextureListener(android.view.TextureView$SurfaceTextureListener)
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView: void setGLOnTouchListener(android.view.View$OnTouchListener)
com.tencent.rtmp.ui.TXCloudVideoView: void setMirror(boolean)
com.tencent.rtmp.video.TXScreenCapture$TXScreenCaptureAssistantActivity
com.tencent.rtmp.video.TXScreenCapture$TXScreenCaptureAssistantActivity: TXScreenCapture$TXScreenCaptureAssistantActivity()
com.tencent.sharp.jni.TraeAudioManager
com.tencent.sharp.jni.TraeAudioSession
master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.android.DanmakuContext$BorderType: master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.android.DanmakuContext$BorderType[] values()
master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.android.DanmakuContext$BorderType: master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.android.DanmakuContext$BorderType valueOf(java.lang.String)
master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.android.DanmakuContext$DanmakuConfigTag: master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.android.DanmakuContext$DanmakuConfigTag[] values()
master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.android.DanmakuContext$DanmakuConfigTag: master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.android.DanmakuContext$DanmakuConfigTag valueOf(java.lang.String)
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuSurfaceView: master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.IDanmakus getCurrentVisibleDanmakus()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuSurfaceView: void setCallback(master.flame.danmaku.controller.DrawHandler$Callback)
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuSurfaceView: master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.android.DanmakuContext getConfig()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuSurfaceView: android.view.View getView()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuSurfaceView: void setOnDanmakuClickListener(master.flame.danmaku.controller.IDanmakuView$OnDanmakuClickListener)
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuSurfaceView: master.flame.danmaku.controller.IDanmakuView$OnDanmakuClickListener getOnDanmakuClickListener()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuSurfaceView: void setDrawingThreadType(int)
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuSurfaceView: long getCurrentTime()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuTextureView: master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.IDanmakus getCurrentVisibleDanmakus()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuTextureView: void setCallback(master.flame.danmaku.controller.DrawHandler$Callback)
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuTextureView: master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.android.DanmakuContext getConfig()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuTextureView: android.view.View getView()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuTextureView: void setOnDanmakuClickListener(master.flame.danmaku.controller.IDanmakuView$OnDanmakuClickListener)
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuTextureView: master.flame.danmaku.controller.IDanmakuView$OnDanmakuClickListener getOnDanmakuClickListener()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuTextureView: void setDrawingThreadType(int)
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuTextureView: long getCurrentTime()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuView: master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.IDanmakus getCurrentVisibleDanmakus()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuView: void setCallback(master.flame.danmaku.controller.DrawHandler$Callback)
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuView: master.flame.danmaku.danmaku.model.android.DanmakuContext getConfig()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuView: android.view.View getView()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuView: void setDrawingThreadType(int)
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuView: long getCurrentTime()
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuView: void setOnDanmakuClickListener(master.flame.danmaku.controller.IDanmakuView$OnDanmakuClickListener)
master.flame.danmaku.ui.widget.DanmakuView: master.flame.danmaku.controller.IDanmakuView$OnDanmakuClickListener getOnDanmakuClickListener()
okhttp3.CipherSuite: okhttp3.CipherSuite[] values()
okhttp3.CipherSuite: okhttp3.CipherSuite valueOf(java.lang.String)
okhttp3.HttpUrl$Builder$ParseResult: okhttp3.HttpUrl$Builder$ParseResult[] values()
okhttp3.HttpUrl$Builder$ParseResult: okhttp3.HttpUrl$Builder$ParseResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
okhttp3.Protocol: okhttp3.Protocol[] values()
okhttp3.Protocol: okhttp3.Protocol valueOf(java.lang.String)
okhttp3.TlsVersion: okhttp3.TlsVersion[] values()
okhttp3.TlsVersion: okhttp3.TlsVersion valueOf(java.lang.String)
okhttp3.internal.framed.ErrorCode: okhttp3.internal.framed.ErrorCode[] values()
okhttp3.internal.framed.ErrorCode: okhttp3.internal.framed.ErrorCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
okhttp3.internal.framed.HeadersMode: okhttp3.internal.framed.HeadersMode[] values()
okhttp3.internal.framed.HeadersMode: okhttp3.internal.framed.HeadersMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
qalsdk.aj
tencent.tls.account.TLSOpenAccountInfo$OpenAccountStatus: tencent.tls.account.TLSOpenAccountInfo$OpenAccountStatus[] values()
tencent.tls.account.TLSOpenAccountInfo$OpenAccountStatus: tencent.tls.account.TLSOpenAccountInfo$OpenAccountStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
tencent.tls.platform.TLSErrInfo
tencent.tls.platform.TLSUserInfo
tencent.tls.request.SigInfo
tencent.tls.request.Ticket
tencent.tls.request.Ticket: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
tencent.tls.request.TinyInfo$UserType: tencent.tls.request.TinyInfo$UserType[] values()
tencent.tls.request.TinyInfo$UserType: tencent.tls.request.TinyInfo$UserType valueOf(java.lang.String)
tencent.tls.tools.EcdhCrypt
tencent.tls.tools.EcdhCrypt: int GenECDHKey(java.lang.String)
tencent.tls.tools.I18nMsg$MSG_TYPE: tencent.tls.tools.I18nMsg$MSG_TYPE[] values()
tencent.tls.tools.I18nMsg$MSG_TYPE: tencent.tls.tools.I18nMsg$MSG_TYPE valueOf(java.lang.String)
tv.cjump.jni.DeviceUtils$ARCH: tv.cjump.jni.DeviceUtils$ARCH[] values()
tv.cjump.jni.DeviceUtils$ARCH: tv.cjump.jni.DeviceUtils$ARCH valueOf(java.lang.String)
tv.cjump.jni.NativeBitmapFactory
tv.cjump.jni.NativeBitmapFactory: boolean init()
tv.cjump.jni.NativeBitmapFactory: boolean release()
tv.cjump.jni.NativeBitmapFactory: android.graphics.Bitmap createBitmap(int,int,int,boolean)
tv.cjump.jni.NativeBitmapFactory: android.graphics.Bitmap createBitmap19(int,int,int,boolean)
